  "You never fully let go," Io said from behind dark eyes. As with most their encounters Io, was male, well cut and well hung, and totally oblivious. But today his eyes were dark along with most of his features. [Yu-a] never noticed that he favored light features before. She thought to query his preference of dolls against the historical selection made by Io to see if he had some preference, some natural him, but he distracted her with a kiss before she could get the query off. "You never actually let go." He grabbed her hands and held them tight to his chest. "Part of you is here, but part of you is... there." When he guestured out to the clouds around them she frowned and got up to put her clothes on. He was prattling on about something that she wanted to listen too, honestly she really did, but results of simulations and news of minor successes were pouring in from her better halves. It was clear where her attention was needed most urgently.

[Yu-a/she/her] # Should this part be in the first person? It is most likely in a README. Maybe have the pronouns switch depending on reader knowledge?

  Still, even though Io would forget this encounter the second he left the room, she couldn not let him have the last word. "Can you blame me? In aught-four gigaseconds your damned experiment is going to go critical and sterilize the solar system..." Io grabbed Yu-a's hand and pulled her toward him to calm her. 

  "That's not what I mean and you know it," he put her hand on her back and then up her neck and through her hair. She began to relax as he gently massaged her scalp as if blocking the thousands of notifications that streamed in from her cloud counterpart. "Let's get out here. Transfer yourself fully into a doll like I do. You always leave a part of yourself, both literally and literally, and you are doing yourself harm that you don't even realize. Let's take a vacation to Europa for a weekend or spend last month on Saturn's rings. I have it on good authority that no one will bother us on Titan." He then gave her his best 'I am so fucking clever' smile and she could not decide if she wanted to fuck him again or hop into a larger body to beat the shit out of his grin. 

  "But what if something happens? If my only copy and your only copy are in bodies and we die... I'm sure the fragments here will peace something back together but we can't risk it."

  "Nonsense, I have it on [good authority] that I'll still be around two months downstream," Yu-a could almost see his book in his eyes. Two months... he most likely said the next accessible date according to his timeline. That made her even more worried. What happens in the next two months that caused the immediate subjective futures to be inaccessible? Maybe she would die and that is the soonest he could fudge the future to make up an alibi. Most likely her paranoia was just that. Conversations like this one, concerning time and their position in it, would extend the inaccessible date out greatly. Because they are talking about the immediate future they are unlikely to be able to read the immediate future... that's time travel one-oh-fucking-one. But just maybe that long of a hole meant that...

[good authority] # trigger word for "provable because the filter says so". fucking awesome.

  "Hey!" Io said, practically shoving his face into hers to get her attention. Simultaneously he ran his hand a little too far up her leg to make sure he had her attention. "Here I am. Pay attention to me. Here. Now. We were having a conversation about how you need to live in the moment, remember? About how you need to pay attention to the moment. This one? Do you remember?"

  She shot him a disatisfied glance to show that she did not approve of his jokes. "It's too dangerous. You trust that book like it were gospel. Like it has never lied to you. But I have it on good authority that it does in fact lie. All the time."

  "Well, whose fault is that?" She froze under his accusation. "Yeah I figured it out. It is pretty obvious. We're here having this amazing weekend but I have no record of ever seeing you again after this. At the same time you fucked me like we've been doing this for a life time even though I have no record of meeting you before. The only possible answer is that you have write access and have been manipulating my book."

  Yu-a panicked, every acceptable excuse for manipulating him rushing through her head and every unacceptable excuse cowering in a corner. Before she could say a word he put his hands to his finger to her mouth, silencing her impending confession. "I don't care to know why. At some point I must have given you or will give you write access and that means that what ever the reason I agreed. So let's go. Who knows, maybe we run away and I fall for you so deep that this is the reason I give you write access." Her guilt deepened. This poor trusting soul, grown in isolation with no real conflict, had never imagined that there could be such horrible manipulative creature as a superuser and that her intentions would be anything but pure.

  Maybe it was because she had been in the flesh too long, away from her more logical and manipulative selves. The logical part of her wanted to run to the comfort of numbers, back to their doomsday device and the easy but impossible question of how to stop a runaway time machine from liquidating the galaxy. The passionate side of her, the part that made her anatomy all too aware of his anatomy, wanted to take him up on his offer and run away to god knows where... safe in the knowledge that the future bread crumbs, supposedly written by herself said she would eventually make it back safe and sound. But that's not the part that caused hesitation. She was afraid of the small mixture of logic and emotion that wanted her to come clean, the part that was truly falling for him. Tell Io that she had been manipulating him for several decades of subjective time, sabotaging his experiment while using him as a play thing. Part of her wanted to let him know the truth. That was the one thing that her book said would never happen, and part of her wanted to make it happen to erase her guilty conscience.

  And then she decided to jump. She signaled to the processes still running on the cloud that they should either finish or be ready for an unknown interruption. Her perspective quickly narrowed as her forks merged or went silent, quieting the constant almost tacit knowlege of the nearby electronic sensors. It felt frigtening but exciting as she realized that she was really going to be wholely one person again. Out of habbit she checked Her Book one last time before signing out to see how long she would be gone. 

  The next entry in her book was a few hundred seconds from now. No matter, she would probably remerge downstream and pick up right where she left off. With her and Io an infinity of time could pass between now and then. "Are you ready? Where do you want to go?"

  "Ready for what?" Io said. And Yu-a's heart shattered. She could see by the look in his eyes that the perception filter had taken hold. While she was preparing to run away with him something distracted him and, with no long term memory of her existence, he had forgotten everything about the girl who was right in front of him... her scent and claw marks still on the body he lived in. "I would love to join you, but this data is needed elsewhere." He said non-chalantly. Yu-a nodded and without a second thought he was off. Off to park his body in the doll house and off to take his new piece of data to another copy of himself. Or herself. Or one of the thousands of people who were neither here nor now.

[] # This all happens very early on, probably before Yu-a becomes the "I" of the README files. I'm not sure how, but an unlockable chapter hidden in here has Io and Yu-a run off together. This is actually the climax of their relationship, where Io tells Yu that he doesn't actually forget everything about her. That he is playing a game because that is the nature of their relationship. Yu then makes a conscious decision to erase her memory of the whole trip to keep the illusion and romance of their relationship alive. That tragedy is what defines them and makes them beautiful. She returns to the exact moment they left and forgets the whole thing. As a side note, I must make sure that Yu is constantly reflecting on "Maybe this is the momemnt I reprogram Io to always forget me" or even "I regret reprogramming him to always forget me... although it hasn't actually happened yet... I'm sure when it does I have my reasons". 


