"Blood, Sex, and Bits" or "A Girl Named Bill"
========

<!-- Kelly wants to free the low techs by bringing them the network, but eventually realizes (through the help of the last superusers father and Meg) that being a low tech is not a weakness, it is a challenge and challenges bring strength -->

  Jan leaned against a lamp post in despair. Her search seemed hopeless and she could not even plot her next move against the infinity of information afforded to her by network access. Her natural instinct kept trying to establish a connection to the web and repeatedly returned network errors. She longed for the comfort of constant connection.
  
  Her attention was pulled away by the noise of a leaf scraping down the side walk. Possibly for the first time in a decade and a half she thought back to her life before she went into doll training. Carefree days. Endless hours of make believe. A simpler time when a pile of candy meant nirvana and a scolding from her parents felt like the end of the world. Her doll instinct told her to brush this out of her, but the adult part of which was half Kelly insisted she did not. *This is what we are fighting for* she thought hopefully. *Every day the told me to be a doll. Sacrifice individuality for experience. Forget who you are, let a thousand sapients use your body as a pleasure doll and see the world through a thousand different eyes. Experience everything. Remember nothing.* She had thought her human side was gone, traded for a job as a throw away shell, but now she had risen to a new position. Something unique. The first true hive mind. Not just a network of programs creating a consciousness, but two distinct and distinctly human minds, spread accross a <<<?million miles?>>> of sky and vaccuum. And, if this experiment succeeded, the next true superuser who would release humanity from the chains of their cyber children and restore mankind to their rightful place as the stewards of earth.

<<<?million miles?>>> Actual distance between Kelly and Jan Yu is 1.544e8 km or 515.3 lightseconds. It is worth noting that since at this time Jan is currently offline, the physical distance/time separating them is meaningless.

  So she breathed deep and took in the night sky. A midst the sounds of rushing cars and smells of pollution her mind went back through the years. The touch of the crisp night air, pulled goosebumps from her skin and uncomfortable thoughts from the deep, untouched memories of her youth.
  
  It was on a night like this that she last saw her brother James. In a field of knee high grass as tall as the sky, they attacked each other with ancient swords, forged by a forgotten race from tree banches James found down by the river earlier that afternoon. She slashed mercilessly, aiming extra low so that she could feel the grass against her slash as she tried to deliver her death blow. Her opponent, a white knight clad in chain mail, struck back at her effortlessly cutting though the thick reeds aiming for her heart but always meeting her blade. She dodged a blow from his flaming clamore and swung over head. As her blade fell down on him he dropped to the ground, raised his own and blocked her victory. He rolled left and bounced to his feet, and darted back. As she chased him the writhing stalks morphed into tenticles reaching up to grab her but avoiding her sword. Finally as the ground shot up lifting them both into the air she caught up to him. The parried blows twice, effortlessly cutting through a million stone pillars that rose up around their feet. Lightning struck around them and rain sizzled off their swords, his a glow with fire and hers burning with the darkness of the void. Their swords locked, spun around each other momentarily existing as one and then separating dramatically. The sword of light flew into the distance. The dark knight had disarmed the holy warrior. He looked up at her, face ever valient and accepting of his fate and smiled as she slay him. She raised her sword, tight in both hands, pointing down at her unarmed nemesis, and plunged it into his heart. He fell lifeless as the last of the lightning surrendered to the dark. The sky and everything in the world went black. Evil had won.

  But Jan had not killed a holy knight. She was not supreme darkness, securing the death of the world. She had killed her brother. One foot still in imagination, the darkness receeded. A young Jan found herself not in a blackend hellscape but in an empty field at dusk. The pillars of stone and writhing tentacles were merely blades of grass, the hardened armor was just cloth. Their swords branches found by the river.

  Still James lay unmoving. Jan panicked looking around for blood. What had she done? She would definitely be grounded for this.

  "James!" Her mother cried from a mile off. "Jan! It's time for dinner." James hopped to his feet and ran inside. His wounds left to forgotten fantasy and his hungar his only priority. Jan breathed a sigh of relief and ran after him, forgetting the epic battle for a hundred years. But a part of her, the adult part of her, ran further, searching for James through space and time.

  Her dreams were cut short by a network error report. Her subconscious had reached out and queried the database for the whereabouts of James Yu, and her reverie was disturbed by the slight feeling of nausea that comes when the antenna in her cochlea fails to establish a connection. She bilnked away the warning light and turned her antenna off again. 

  She sat up and saw a man with a dog staring at her from accross the street. "Are you okay?" he yelled at her and Jan became painfully aware of how she must look to the man. Hair a mess, tears streaming down her face, looking at the sky and lost in thought.

  "Yes I was just thinking of someone." She called back, wiping her face, and then approached him slowly to ask if he knew of a place to sleep for the night. He mentioned a homeless shelter, but when she said she was not homeless but just visiting he asked why she was visiting. He did not seem suspicious of her motivation, so she offered no excuse. But his question bugged her. She ran through a million reasons "why" he would need to know that, but could not figure out "why" her motivation would affect where she could sleep for the night. <!-- this last little bit sounds a bit to computery... maybe save this stuff for Durga -->

<!-- a man in a convenience store says her hair looks like a parrot. It is then that she realizes that she is a sore thumb. A high tech tourist sticking out in a low tech world -->

<!-- when cornered by two thugs protecting their turf, Meg shows up and rescues Jan. -->

  "Stay out of this little girl. Go home now while you can." One of the men said, clenching his fists and flexing a little.

  "Oh you are too cliche!" The little one let out with a laugh. "Do you honestly think that the networks are going to want to watch you beat on this poor woman? Best case scenario, you toss her about, your team gets the turf and no one watches. Well I got news for you. You aren't even on camera." The men both tensed up and looked around, searching out of the corners of their eyes for any sign of spectators. "That's right, chumps. This one and me both are on the no watch list. You see we've been doing the NASTIEST of things to each other, which means that even a glimpse of us on national TV could undermine the moral fabric of the world-- no the SOLAR SYSTEM!!" She laughed a terrible laugh as if she had been rehersing that line for weeks. "So no one is going to watch this, which is ultimately good for you because that means no one is going to see me kick your ass." The girl extended her left arm and a knife appeared in her hand, but from where it came Jan could not figure out. The knife seemed to give off light just above the visible but not intense enough to register in specta-mode. Jan flicked through her limited settings, but could not make sense of it. Even sitting still in the girls hand, the contacts seemed to have trouble describing it in velocity-mode. "Lucky you that your team isn't going to loose any turf. But you will lose your lives."

  "So what's it going to be?" The girls face lit up with an sadistic smirk. Even though they were not being spied on my the Reality TV camera bots, this girls showmanship was intense. "You two going to leave us alone or are we going to have to cut you up and fuck on top of your corpses?"

  Still in 'prime time thug' mode the boys charged at the two of them. Jan was more afraid for the little girl than herself, but the girl kept up with her thug quite nicely. She seemed to almost be playing with him, dodging his punches and occasionally returning light but solid kicks on his side or his ass. Once or twice she slapped him with the side of her blade which made his skin sizzle. 

  Jan landed a solid blow to her thugs chest, knocking him into some boxes. She turned to see if the girl needed help. Her contacts switched into spectra-mode as the girl slashed at the boy. The tip of her blade glowed with what her contacts AIs claimed was Chernkov radiation. The thug dodged it and took two steps back underneath a wooden deck. The girl smiled and slashed at the beam supporting the wood over his head. It cut through like butter and the structure came crashing down over his head.

  Meg dashed at Jan\'s thug with astonishing speed. He fell to the ground and begged, "Please, no!" With one quick slash she cut through both his arms and then brought her knife down into his throat before he could let out a scream.

  Jan panted, terrified at the sight. "You killed them!"

  The girl casually turned to Jan. All the anger and sadism had melted away from the girls face. "Well thank you captain obvious." She said, rolling her eyes. "Now lets get out of here before anyone comes looking for them."

  Jan was still recoiling with horror. It was the first death she had witnessed (that she could remember, of course). "You're a sociopath! I'm not going anywhere with you."

  The girl darkened again and walked over like she was three feet taller than Jan. "I don't remember asking." She reached out and grabbed Jan\'s hand. Failing to wrench her arm away, Jan took a step back. The girl followed until she had Jan pinned up against a wall. "Look here you - ah" the paused and a look of cordiality once again replaced her glare. "What was your name again?"

  "Jan," she said. She almost gave a fake name, but then remebered where she was. "Jan Yu."

  The girl laughed crassly. "Okay, you, Yu." Again she darkened. She stood on her tip toes to match noses with Jan and stared into her eyes. "I have no problem staying with you hanging out with these corpses until the garbage collectors get her,but - Well, I'm not the tourist who wandered into the low tech ghetto. Yeah, Yu Yu, I know why the spybots don't follow you. They don't follow you just like whatever you're running from doesn't follow you. Your in the wrong place - the wrong time. Well, you may be fucking royalty out there in the real world, but here in Reality TV you're worse than nobody. You have no rating and no job and that means you're ripe to be taken advantage of." The little girls body pressed into Jan as intently as her cold eyes. Jan thought away the fear reflex and returned her stare. `I\'d almost be turned on if she weren\'t a murderer and a drama queen.` Jan thought a little too loudly. The girl looked into Jan's eyes intently for a second and then turned away. Jan was suddenly aware that the girls knife was no longer in her hand.

  "You ran here for freedom, but annonimity is its own prison." The girl looked over her shoulder with a smile. "You know what they say about the first day in prison, don't you? If you want to survive you should find the biggest bad ass in there and either punch him or become her bitch." She faced Jan again and gestured and spread both arms out, imploring Jan to come at her. "Well here I am, baby. What's it going to be?"

  In the distance a Jan heard a high pitched buzz which should have been outside of the girls hearing range. Nonetheless the girl looked in the direction of the noise. "That's our que." She grabbed Jan's hand and pulled her toward the exit.

  A sharp pain ran up Jan's ankle and she gasped. "Yeah, I saw you sprain that," the girl said without compassions. "But there are bigger priorities. I'm tired and not drunk enough to sleep." She pulled Jan again and they were off. Up two crates and out a window and they were sprinting from rooftop to rooftop through the dense but abandoned warehouse district of the city. Even with her arsenal of genetic enhancements Jan had trouble keeping up with the girl. The girl leaped effortlessly, throwing herself several meters at a time to get accross the ally ways. When Jan nearly did not make it over one of the gaps the girl cried back, "We're almost there," and then dissappeared across two more rooftops and down a fire escape. Out of breath and barely able to ignore the pain in her foot, Jan briefly contemplated leaving the girl. But she was right, Jan had no place to go and, at this time of night, no safe passage back to the modern world.

  Reluctantly Jan climbed down the fire escape and looked around. The girl was no where to be seen, but there was only one open, lighted doorway. Outside two people stood smoking cigarettes completely unconcerned by the bloody, panting woman who just crawled off a four story building.

  She enetered and saw her kidnapper talking to a large, hairy man covered in ink tatoos. Since body hair, obesity, and the use of heavy metal dyes to stain skin were all erased by technology thirty years after the time period of this ghetto the man would have been a freak on the streets of Washington. But here in a loud, smelly dive bar in a city frozen in the 1990s he could have been mistaken for any of the other half dozen patrons.

  "Jan!" the girl screamed as if the two of them had been friends for years. She ran over and greeted Jan with a hug. "Come over here there are some people I want you to meet." She pushed Jan up to the large, bearded man. "This is Jeremy. Jeremy, Jan. Jan, Jeremy. Hold on, I'll get drinks." And with that she moved to the bar with her usual energy.

  "So, how long have you known Meg?" The man screamed over the jukebox. 

  Still covered in dirt and sweat and possibly blood, Jan smiled at finally finding out her captors name. "Oh Meg and I? We go so far back... I don't even know how long it's been."

  Before the man could respond, Meg reappeared with an uncountable number of glasses. "Drink up, you. Jeremy here has quite the head start." Rather than handing Jan the glass, Meg shoved it directly in Jans face and, when Jan tried to take it from her, she tilted it upward, emptying its contents into Jan's mouth in one smooth motion. She coughed and almost dropped the glass. Meg handed over another one and then started on her own glass. "Not enough rum, right?" She cried out. Jan was still having trouble breathing through the haze of 300 mL of nearly pure liquor being poured down her throat. She dialed up her livers ability to metabolize alcohol and was immediately met with a warning that she was near dehydration. Like all alcohol of the era, there was a host of other toxins in the drink that Jan could not identify. She cursed herself for not bringing a better wiki.

  The world spun and Jan tried to get her bearing. Her head began to split and so Jan loaded up another subroutine to ignore the pain. There was a moment of silence as the jukebox clicked over to another album. "Oh shit!" Meg cried, again grabbing. "I love this song," Meg screamed like a school girl. She pulled Jan to the dance floor and looked her in the eyes, part flirting part threatening. "Dance with me," she insited. Meg bounced up and down to the guitar and danced excellently.

<!-- Jan passes out, Meg ties her up, takes out her contacts, disects her power glove (need a better name), and, assuming that Jan is a senscient spy here to stop their ploy, Meg interrogates her. Meg thought Jan was a computer in a super-human shell, so she had to drug her and exhaust her to get her subdued. Jan confesses most of the Darkstar suspicions and her goals of a super user to Meg. Meg tells her about the tech rebels in the ghetto. They become friends and search for the last superuser together. She claims to be 24 although she looks like she's 19 and is mentally aged 40. When Meg is asleep Jan probes her brain using her gauntlet and finds that Meg has no implants what so ever. Later Jan muses that `She's almost a superuser. If this girl ever got an implant she would conquer the world in a week.` -->

<!--She has access to all sorts of electronics that allow her to hack the "angles" (spybots). Meg does not have any implants, but she has a device she puts in her ear as she sleeps that lets her listen to "Angle radio". She first noticed Jan when she saw a traveling deadzone, a spot that the spybots never watched that moved through town at a very slow rate. Meg also has a 3D printer that does electronics and plastics which she used to make a gauntlet that is damn impressive for the low tech ghetto. Jan reveals that she is not on the run, but rather searching for a person and Meg agrees to help, often in exchange for bloody, violent sex in which Meg seems to be taking her anger for someone else out on Jan. -->

<!-- in helping Jan escape, her offline friend gets shot -->

  "I love you... you... wey," Megan said lying on the ground. Jan frantically scanned her injury and compared it to her local medical databases. It didn't look good but with immediate medical attention she would make it.

  "Save your breathe, Meg, I've sent for help. An ambulance will be here soon."

  "It doesn't matter. I'm done," she coughed two wet coughs and blood sprayed out on the second one. "You're done here. I can tell. I'll never see you again." She coughed more and breathe deep. "You-wey, I'm done." Or was she saying Yuwey? "I love you, Jan Yu. I love you Yua." Her back arched as she groaned in pain. The blood comming out of her chest did not stop comming inspite Jan's constant pressure. But her mind seemed detached, a million miles from the gun shot wound that slowed her words and drained her life. "I love you. You said you'd come back. A year late... I'm sorry. I shouldn't - Aaaaaaahhhhh!" She screamed in pain. She started heaving erratically and the color drained from her face.

  Meg and Jan sat like this for another ten minutes before she passed. The ambulance never came. When Meg finally breathed her last 'I love you's, Jan cried for an hour and then set off to digging a grave for the one she loved. The entire time she wrestled over her lovers last words. Confused and delerious, she died convinced that Jan was some lost love of hers. This "Yuwey" left her a broken and lonely individual. Or maybe Yuwey was a fabrication of her own mind. But in the end Meg died happy, thinking she finally found her lost love. Was this a happy death?

<!-- good terms to use: "audience of 1", "a death fit for prime time" and such-->

<!-- eventually Jan goes back in time, becomes Yuwey, uses Megan to heal Jan's own broken mind and uses Megans genius to become a super user again. In the process she teaches Meg to work offline and offload herself to the web. This and Jan leaving ultimately drives Meg insane in anticipation of Jan meeting her for the "first time" -->
