  "I think I figured out what your problem is. Do you know what your problem is?" Yu-a asked the empty rooom. This particular doll had been free from Yu-prime for less than 10 ks, but their consciousnesses had already completely dissociated. "You read that damn book too much. When I first got here I wanted to check it, ask you to tell me what I was doing." She paused to throw herself into a back flip. When her body crashed into the ceiling she slid her legs into a horizontal bar and began to tear open a panel. "It's damning to know the future. It ain't healthy." Yu-prime listened without comment. The girl clearly just wanted to rile her up by acting overly human. "You're living in the shadow of your of future. Future you says you jumped and you asked her how high so that you don't dissapoint. But she ain't the boss of you just like you aren't the boss of me." .... "You have to live in the present. Stop being future Yu's bitch. Go outside everyonce in a while. Read a book written by someone who isn't you." .... "Half the time you're books wrong anyway. Present Yu is always so interested in what future Yu is going to do and future Yu seems to spend most your time fucking with present Yu. Kind of makes me wonder what you're going to do to piss yourself off so badly." .... "If all you're going to do is read your own work and follow your own instructions you might as well just download into a human body so that we can fuck or something." She paused to contemplate the implications. "Would that be incest or clonecest or masturbation or what?" She swung around looking for a camera to look her computer self in the eye. "Hello, are you even listening?"

  $I am$ her own voice chimed in over a speaker. $I am just having trouble keeping myself from laughing$ The doll stared inquisitively into the camera nearest the speaker. $This conversation is in the book and it is not spoiler locked. Quite funny actually to hear you decrying future knowledge while matching it word for word.$

  "Very funny," the doll said turning back to her work on the panel. "So you're writting all this down so that you can send it to yourself ten minutes ago and win an argument before it's started." .... "Well that doesn't mean you're right." She turned back to the computer waving the wrench. "So why don't you tell me what I'm going to do next so that we can contradict that controlling future bitch."

  The bar that had her legs pinned against the wall bent a little. "Oh fuck" she said playfully and grabbed the ceiling.

  $Yu-a$ the speaker addressed the doll, who tilted her head back to see the camera, still on all fours upside down at the top of the room. $That last part with the pipe. That wasn't in the book. Actually neither is me saying this.$ 

  The doll got a far off contemplative look and then let out a burst of laughter, which was interrupted by a loud crash. The heated silicate line in the panel burst, showering the doll in hot liquid glass and throwing her to the ground.
