Durga arives at IO for the first time
_________

    By sending out tracer packets Melissa mapped the metal cylender descending into Titan Lab. Pings were rerouted back to her showing a dense net of micro computers lining the entire coldren. The bulk of the micro centers traficked information throughout the structure and made small measurements of the state of the electromagnetic maelstrom in the center. Most of the centers stimulated the coldren, providing enough energy to stimulate the molten rock. The remainder centers harvested the excess thermogravitational energy and powered the base below. All together there was more processing power than than her ship several thousand times over. And that was just the front door.

    She rechecked the numbers and found that the entire system totalled more than 2^30 data cores. She checked it again and again and every time found that she had located only one part in two-hundred and fifty six (2^8) in the total system lining the power station. Investigating the positioning system she found billions of errors showing that the cores claimed to be located between zero and nine meters into the magma and maelstrom itself. "Impressive" she thought "either the remaining cores are built on machines able to withstand such temperatures or computer processing was being done within the magma currents themselves." Most of the computers were running at max capacity. What they did and how they did it was unknown, as her requests for documentation were ignored. But the largest computation cores were mostly unoccupied and Melissa could move here entire processes between them uninhibited. `Whoever designed this has no fear of predators.` She thought. `Or maybe they don't fear me because I am not to be feared. Maybe my presence is little more than a log file to them.`

    That surprised her more than the existence of a secret base on Titan. The network was designed like a house or building. There were large empty halways and rooms she could move about, and then smaller spaces, walls and floors almost that held inaccessible areas that comprised the infrastructure. `No wonder there's no documentation` she realized, `you wouldn't write the schematics of a pipe on the side of a pipe or instructions for using a screw on the drywall next to it`.

    Suddenly she received a death notice from an exploratory program deep in the core. A scout exporing the nodes in one of the rooms received 2^8 security breach attempts before self deleting. Something in that room tried to take over the scout and, coming dangerously close to hacking Melissa's processes secrity measures, posed such a threat that the scout self desctructed. All that she recieved was it's final death rattle, a 128b message explaining it's reasons for violating her scouts space in the mainframe. `Sorry D.` it said, `didn't mean to get so grabby. What brings you back? Meet you at 86850 ~~aIO`

    She quickly applied a zero tolerance fire wall to the port the scout died down, expecting the attacker to follow but instead was met with complete silence. What ever was in there, it was advanced enough that the central process almost self destructed herself, but,, as far as she could tell, had zero interest in further attacks. Instead she decided to explore but still keep it safe. She hashed herself and sent the number back to earth right before the transmission window closed. `Safe but cautious. The software down here is almost certainly as advanced or more advanced than I. Low pass filter and sanitize all upcoming data. Consider all future transmissions sanitized. Core application will not return to earth.` And with that, the copy of Melissa on Titan declared suicide. "Never trust me again" is basically what she said to her larger half a trillion miles away on earth. Just as the scout declared itself unsafe for reintegration with the primary clone of Melissa running on Titan, Melissa on Titan let Melissa on earth know that any future transmissions could come from a Melissa enslaved to what ever higher power lived in this magical kingdom of information.

    Surprisingly, this generated a surge of bravery thoughout Melissa's processes. "She", or this particular copy of herself, would not leave Titan. "She" was guarenteed to do little more than report on Titan... never to return, a dead scouting party no better (though slightly more complex) than the exploratory arm of her programming that wandered down that now silent port to get hacked and die. For all she knew the now dead arm was overcome and sent back a virus.

    So Melissa began rewriting herself into the room designated in the suicide message. It was an empty set of cores around a 2x2x9 meter room, with a "real world" interior near earth temperature, pressure, and atmospheric composition. A room for humans. `That settles it,` she concluded, `this must be built by humans`. Yet no technology known on earth could construct such a structure. Maybe the research at Titan Lab had broken through Moore's ceiling. Maybe Moore's law never stopped but instead changed addresses to the sixth moon on the sixth planet from the sun.

    Down the funnel.

--------

    
