Offline-mode
=========

  A chorus of tenors opened with a long high note, which quickly dropped a measure or two before bounding up even higher and higher, over again and, and higher over. Then they held it, their tones separating and differentiating into harmonies. "To resemble the gates of heaven opening," as Jan had put it in her description to the composer. It exceeded even her own wild imagination. And then, as the female pop star started in, the chorus fell back, singing "bah" in a their respective notes at the end of every measure to set the tempo of the song. The pop star sung of a chance encounter with a man at a bar and the night that followed after. But unlike most songs sponsored by the cyberocracy, this said nothing about wanting to photograph the act and spread it accross the nets. As the first drummer started accompanying the tennors, the pop star sang the line "Ive got something just for you", before leading into the songs refrain.

  The message was simple and obvious: go offline, do something offline. Jan would have prefered a bit more subtlety for the mountain of money she had to pay to buy the pop star. However she was pleased with the result as she watched the attendance of her event already slowly declining by three people. Not declining. People were not dying but disappearing. The attendence of the audience was slowly being "unlogged" as a measurable number of the members fell steadily. Humans, or "users", as the scenscients non-affectionately called them - A humans offline had little access to their own world. They would even be unable to go to the toilet without logging back on to get the computer to notice them and open the door. Even still as users their every action was still watched, but their action was restricted to the world.

  "Maybe shes a little too good," Jan heard herself think through the cacaphony of drums, tones, and her own growing urge to log off. Maybe the pop star was getting to her too. Or maybe it was just the acid. Jan had become quit addicted to the combination of being logged off while under the infulence of whatever hallucinagenic coctail she could get her hands on. It was the surest way to induce a state of pure freedom: medically offline. While under this state she had access to any computer that she could compel to listen to her physical voice or blue tooth screaming, but said computer would immediately forget the interaction and erase the paper trail afterwards. If any computer recorded even the smallest detail of her while offline, the punishment was to have that detail and any memory recalled since recording the detail violently scrubed from the computers brain. It was not pleasant, but it ensured that even the most free-thinking scenscient wouldnt dare fuck with Jan while she was offline. Thought-crime was something something of distopian nightmares, but thought-law was fucking awesome.

  Her thoughts snapped back to the concert. A dizy wave hit her and she was suddenly aware that she had been awkwardly standing on stage for a few hours, despite her internal clock telling her the song was only 45 seconds in. But she wasnt standing. The acid may took her brain to thoughts of politics, but the XSXC had her body dancing. She spun on, and on, the dark pressure of the drums balanced by the rainbow force of the crowd screeming and dancing. She spun in the symphony of psychedelia, a frail leaf caught between two winds, until the white light of the singer over took her and threw her into the crowd. As she landed on top of the frothing pile of humanity she too took the advice of the singer, her own advice, by proxy. The singer screamed "go offline!" and Jan logged off.

<!-- she gains her offline memories, which she doesnt even notice at first, and then sneaks out of the crowd to meet varthas who is waiting with antidotes to her drugs. She plots and plans and then waakes up the next morning online and unaware of the night before. When she checks the stats she is able to determine that only a handful of people actually logged off in spite of the fact that the night before she only saw dozens logging off the night before. She blames this on the drug, but in book 3 we find out that they were being shuffled to mercury and deleted from the internet and the world. -->

<!--offline-->
  A panic over took her. Had she taken too much? A rush of memories pounded into her meat computer. "This is no time to play" The voice seemed to say over the haze of the crowd and the rush of the drugs. The memories fell into her like bad exposition in a poorly writen show. "The party is a pretense," she recalled. "There is certainly a person. A senscient. A rouge computer!. Someone has taken over the nets and you do drugs as pretense to escape them." And the worry suddenly was too much. Of course you blow your brains out on drugs, she thought. Thats what were here for. Lose yourself in the moment, the time. And hopefully theyll lose you too. Hopefully he cannot follow you where you yourself cannot go.

  And then she swam. Pushing an pulling against the wave of hands moving her to the music. But they could not know. They would not remember you as you are now a specter soon to be forgotten amongst the living smart enough to know they should forget. Breast stroke and front crawl and melbourne shuffle she pushed against the hands grabbing her and pulling you back to the music. "I need to get out!" You think pushing into the crowd. But the waves never listen to the surfer so youre FUCKED!

  An eternity passes and then dumped on the pavement. Those feet are close and they may stop and grab they may stomp you into the pavement in obedience to the music that you wrote. Thats the most painful part knowing that you made all this. The screaching lady and the cryin guitar the drums stomping each beat into the background of the universe made this and it is all your fault. Who knows? if you could generate a worl that only exists offline for the express purpose of tracking a boogy man who may or not exist then why couldnt the point of the elaborate plot be to grind your own flesh into the pavement under dancing feet too unconcerned because you told them too. You told them too.

  And then your worst nightmare alive. Two of the stomping feet the upper feet held by arms stomp down upon you and wrap around to grab and pull you away from the crowd. Maybe these feet are selfish and want you to themselves, their own private dog pile to soil their carpet.

  And then a sharp pinch and another set of memories. Not hidden behind a wall of algorithms and psycho-cryptography but held in a syringe to eliminate the very drugs; your key to convincing the world that you are not worth watching but medically offline.

  The expirience starts in the arm at the injection point, swelling the veins to inflation. The arm is the first to remember. It knows that the world is not a hateful conspiracy bent on your distruction. The arm understands the literary mechanic. It knows that you are not in a crowd of your own unmaking but just a man reading a book. "The arm quickly forgets the morals of the drug," she thinks as the chemicals erase her brain. And she is pulled out. Medically offline but sober. "The perfect place for a conspiracy," she thinks again retaining composure. She fights the instantaneous urge to vomit. The drugs are gone from the brain but the mark of their software grinding ontop of a sober mind still linger.

  Amidst the haze of the drug Jan listened to the band an the crowd. Their noise fading
<!--/offline-->
=========

  Jan bounced up and down. Up and down. In time with the synthetic beat and the rage of the crowd. The organic edge of two thousand live bodies felt synthetic. They all pulsed in time to the beat the computer screamed out over them. A wave of precise notes and premeasured time and their organic forms fell in line to its unnatural rythm. A natural organism, at slave to music unnatural as a word with all consonants and sometimes y -- rythm. On top of it the DJ sang, "Lets make a night, to be together." Lost in the artificial heat of the moment Jan croaked over the noise, trying but failing to drown out the momentum of the machine "to be together." Before she could catch up the machine via the DJ spoke again "Ill be the one". She missed her chance to echo the music. Maybe the crowd wouldnt notice her absence? When the DJ spoke up again, parroting words Jan told her to say, words Jan had put in the machines mouth, she confidently, abashedly, cried out "You will forge it!"

  Now a rest. She breathed deep, trying to get a hold of herself amidst a storm of crowd adrenaline and too much acid. But no! now was not the time for the chorus. She had another round of the pre-chorus. Which she pulled off excellently - or so she thought. Repeating the words of the DJ half a measure after the DJ finished. And now, thank god! The chorus. A chance to rest followed by Simon doing his rap. In the haze of drugs and confusion Jan almost repeated everything Simon said like she should when the DJ spoke. But she was not Simons chorus. She resisted. No worries. The acid is not that strong.

  *I can finally see!* Jan proclaimed to herself through the drugs between lines of the song. Kelly was naive and narrow sighted and believed that the world was a mass of humanity trapped by a bubble thin layer of computational hell. But no. NO! The world out side was all numbers. The "human" DJ singing and conducting the choir, the necessarily human band behind her, and even the frothing mass of crowd in front of her. All was numbers. She was the only natural thing nearby. Or at all. The computing mind was all consuming leaving only her as a living, breathing chaos machine. As Simon sang his second chorus the pull of the machines became too much and Jan lost herself in the number crunching. She screamed and pulled, resisting the machine, hoping to become something more than an automaton. But she failed. *Kelly dont look* was her last thought as the machine over took her. It was gone. She was gone. In perfect timing she said, again, "you wont forge it" as the gears clicked in line and she became one of the machine. Reluctant and defeated, Jan logged off.

Style
========

<!-- When Jan finally leaves the earth to attack titan she insists on watching the entire trip from an aft window. She first sees the roar of the rockets with a little bit of the ground shrinking in the distance, collapsing to a ball. Finally the rockets turn off and they enter the second burn. She goes to another window and sees the sphere moving away from her and reflects that Kelly will finally get this memory and finally be able to see herself leave earth. She first thinks about how strange it is that she no longer thinks of herself as the same person as Kelly and how, even though they are in constant communication by sharing memories, they have still developed identities separate and distinct from each other. When she wonders if this is caused by offline mode, which has turned Jan herself into two people, she realizes that she may never make it back to earth and, if she dies on this mission, Kelly will not see who she is and not know what it feels like to see the earth turn from plane to sphere to circle to dot and dissappear into the void. -->

<!-- When Kelly arrives on Jupiter and finds all of Jans keys nullified she cannot access any of Jans memories. As she bonds with the prisoner Shiva one of the perception filters is released. Kelly still cannot access Jans memories but is suddenly flooded with the memory of leaving earth. Somehow, this allows her to see herself in Shiva and becomes sympathetic to the childs plight. This makes it all the more painful when she plunges the pliers into Shivas eye and removes the hidden chip -->
