Rock Me Now
========

  <!-- up until this point the book will be shot in "doll vision", where sections are designed to be page sized on a cell phone. When you complete one you can't go back and the page is deleted (bottom reads "Page 1 of 64" and then changes to "Page 1 of 63" instead of 2) The exeperiences of the doll are short and she repeatedly notices the same things over and over again as if the previous page never existed. When she is injected with the drugs there's one final section of intoxication setting in and then it transitions two third person limited on the doctor, workng name Carlos 

  For this entire chapter she is named "the doll" and it is not until she is given her freedom and retains memories again that she is suddenly Jan Yu. Make a big deal out of Kelly asking the dolls name. It ends with Jan having her freedom bought and being offered to join up with Kelly. She knows she will but strings Carlos along as a joke. The last line is her escaping while medically offline to get up to mischef as Jan's final day of being an individual. -->

  "There was a man earlier," the doll said releasing a deep breath as sedatives took hold. "I tried to sleep with him but he wasn't up for it."

  The memories in her short term were bubbling to the surface, cleansing the brain to make way for the new host. "That would be me." The [doctor][] said with a chuckle.

[doctor] #! he definitely needs a name.

  "No, not you. Some one else. Do you think he was one of my Johns? I'm sure most of the hate me. He probably wanted to maim me." Her speach was long and gutteral, slurred by rapid onset relaxation of the muscles throughout her body.

  The doctor looked up different uses of the word "John" and decided she was probably using the archaic meaning of someone who pays a woman for sex. It struck him as very odd that she would use it to describe Scenscients who had previously rented her body. He wanted to ask her more about it but he knew that what ever memories she was now experiencing would quickly pass through her brain and dissapear forever. "Doubtful," he mused, "he was probably more interested in your new client. From what I've been told she's quite a threat to some mean people's political ambitions."

  "What's-" she started and then hiccuped. "What's a panoptic augma treat?" Simultaneously she thought `panoptic augmentation treatment`.

   By the time she finished asking the question it was already out of her head permanently, so there was no reason for him to reply. Still he did a quick search in the wikis and found a transhumanist treatment with the same name. Several grams of nanobots would slowly replicate and assemble onto the retina, iris, and sclera of someone receiving the treatment. These would act as cameras, augmenting the vision of the receiver. He was about to put the matter aside when he noticed a note in the "see also" section:

```
The treatment gained notoriety when it was used as evidence against the banished Scenscient now known only as Hateful John who used the treatment to maim several dolls who he wanted to mark belonging to him.
```

  He followed a few links and found that this "John" had killed many humans while inhabitting a doll and would use the treatment before leaving the doll. A reaction with one of drugs used to prep the brain for consciousness transfer would cause the nanobots to grow like wild fire. Then the dolls would be blinded as even low levels of light could overload the optic nerve and cause the bots and the eye to combust.

  The doctor almost ran down a few more links to learn about how this case was instrumental in creating what little legal protection the dolls had, but he was overtaken by a sensation that something very bad was about to happen. `This is all very fascinating. But why were you reading this in the past 24 hours.`

  `Wow, so bright!` The doll thought back and that's when he knew.

  The doctor pulled up every thing he could on the replication rates and of the bots in the presense of mind loosening drugs. In one swift motion he grabbed a roll of bandage and jumped on top of her and with a thought he turned off the lights. `What have you done now!` he cursed at her, knowing full well she was in no state to respond. Holding her right eye open he pulled his wand out of his pocket and pulsed it into her eyer. He started wrapping the bandages around her head as he pulled up the video collected by his wand. Her skin looked normal but her eye appeared 30% darker than it should indicating that the treatment had already taken significant hold. Even in the fraction of a second that he recorded the eye it darkened even further, an infinitesimal amount, but enough to be differentiated by the camera.

  `What have you done this time` he thought securing the bandages. He dug through some drawers until he found some black cloth which he crudely cut and placed inbetween layers of more bandage. When it was done he pulesed his light at a variety of angles around each eye, carefully watching for spikes in her visual cortex to indicate that the bandages were letting light through.

  <!-- he lets Kelly in, they talk a bit about her new body and then she asks -->

  "Why can't I see yet? Is temporary blindness expected? No one warned me about that."

  "No, that's..." he groped for the right word until finally settling on "unrelated. Some time in the past 24 hours your doll had her eyes injected with a sight enhancement treatment. I barely noticed in time, so your not blind. Once I fix it you will actually have transhuman vision, but for now it is turned up a bit high. It interracts with the drugs I used on you and you received like 20 times the lifetime treatment in a few minutes. I think that may have been deliberate. Sorry."

  "You mean that guy who confronted me `I mean, the doll` earlier did this to me? How dangerous are these people?"

  "No," the doctor said hesitantly. He sighed like a father appologizing for his autistic teenager getting into trouble in public. "Like I said, the doll you're in is kind of a reject. She was to be retired because her behavior is erratic. Rumors float around that Scenscients posessing her go crazy and have a wild time, so she's usually selected for that reason. And although she has no memories afterwards, what ever they leave behind seems to make her crazier and crazier." His voice was steady, but in the back of it he almost sounded like he was going to cry. "Last time the Scenscient in her did some pretty aweful things. The courts ruled that it was the crazy doll, not the computers fault. So she was being put out to pasture. Her last memories were pretty specific about the treatment. I think that when she found out last night that she was being hired for another gig something snapped. Something in the deep part of the mind that doesn't get erased and doesn't jump between bodies didn't want to be here today and was willing to burn her eyes out to do it."

  Kelly sat in silence. She suddenly became aware of the bandages on her face and the dolls actions hit her all over again. These revelations made her want to leave the doll in peace and return to Venus, but they also strengthened her reason for being on Earth again. She touched the bandages. "These will keep me safe, right? I can go to my hearing right?" She quickly ran through a few handshakes with the hospital APIs and located the cameras in the room. Seeing through them she clumsily stood and almost toppled over. It was disorienting, but if she could learn Zero-G she could learn this.

  "No, no. I can keep you medically offline as long as needed. In a few days the treatment will wear off enough that you can use goggles and funciton in daylight." He grabbed her arm as she almost tripped. "The important thing is that you're taking steps towards your hearing. We can delay it as long as we need."

  Still stumbling around the room, she put her hand out and felt for a wall, fully aware of how rediculous she looked on the monitors. "I can't let them think I am weak. The sooner I show up the more I shock them and the stronger my case will be. If I'm in this blind, self mutilated thing they'll be even more impressed." Just as she thought she caught the hang of walking while watching herself through a half dozen cameras she slammed her toe against one of the wheels on the bed she was circling. She fell back onto the bed, clutched her foot, and tried to joke through the pain. "I really don't need any more injuries though. Being blind really is enough."

  Carlos couldn't help but laugh. He was impressed with how well Kelly was adjusting to the absurdity. Part of him wanted to use his medical authority to force her to recuperate, but she had a point. "You have a point. You just practice walking in the halls and I'll get you cleared to leave."

  A crazy look shot over her face. "Medically offline," she said pronouncing each letter with care. "It's not exactly offline is it? People can see me right?" She spoke with the wild passion that Carlos had come to fear in this doll. He could clearly picture her wild eyes under the bandages, darting and scheming. It made him question how much of the plan was Kelly's and how much belonged to the doll.

  "You're not invisible. You have limited access to essential services on the web and if you break any laws computers can remember you. Otherwise everyone is legally required to forget and delete your actions. For privacy sake."

  "What about people?" She asked. "And Scenscients in human bodies?"

  "Like meat based memories? They can see and remember you. If they expose anything medically relevant it will be erased. There's no no laws about what we can write so ou brains." With that she leaned in and kissed him. He was so shocked that when she pushed away and bolted through the door he had no time to lock her in. She moved with such speed and precision that her stumbling around must have been a ruse, and he cursed himself for letting that doll trick him one last time. He pulled up the hospital's schematics and plotted all possible exit routes and saw that, although he ultimately could lock down the place and seal her in. If it was just Kelly Obregon or any normal patient he would do it. But he supected a doll that would burn out her eyes to spite her job would fight back and end up getting hurt. `Do no harm` he thought, grabbing his labcoat. "Wait," he called out and then sprinted out the door after her, "you'll need someone to drive you!"

<!-- need to mention that someone rented all the dolls world wide the day before the Kelly was requested for the hearing -->

The Human goes to Washington
========

  Kelly watched the interior of the Senate for some time. Due to her offline status only people looking directly at her could see her and even they couldn't identify her. The Senate felt more like a social gathering than a governmental committee. As it was a legal requirement to be in a human body to vote, the senators were all Scenscients occupying dolls. Their face to face conversation was entirely social, reserving highly encrypted communication for legal, and presumatively secret, exchanges.

  Kelly spent an hour or so surveying the room. Using a small program Dr. Carlos cooked up on the ride over, she composited the camera into a map of the floor. It was continuously updated with the positions of people and areas not in view of any camera were marked with a red fog.

  The room went quite and everyone walked to their seats. It was as if a silent alarm went off calling the meeting to order. The chairman spoke. "The senator from Arkansas has proposed that we move the hearing of Kelly Obregon up one hour and fourteen minutes. Is anyone in opposition?" This news came as a total shock to her even though she was previously able to spider the conversations of everyone in the room and no one had been talking about her.

  A senator toward the front stood up. "For the sake of argument, has anyone tried to contact her? I understand that she is medically indisposed, being a human as she is, and will not be able to attend for several days." The man, or more accurately the software in mans clothing, articulated every word clearly. He had no passion for his protest but simply wanted to state it. She was starting to think that this was all theater for the cameras. "And I understand that we only hope to vote to delay the hearing until she can attend. But I must ask if we have a statement from the accused."

  That was the first time she had considered what the hearing really was. It was a trial. A witch trial plain and simple. She doubted this man's sincerity, suspecting that her enemies were using this motion to advance the hearing to delay it was a ploy to indirectly conduct the hearing in her absense. She knew she could delay no longer.

  "Why not just have the hearing now?" She shouted accross the hall, throwing the two large wood doors open and announcing her presence. The entire room turned silently. No one gasped but the tension was still palpable. She could almost hear the sound of hundreds of Senscients trying to record images of what their dolls were showing them. But legally they could not and the images would erase before they could be stored digitally.

  But they could still see her and she was a sight to be seen. At just over two meters she commanded the room. Her eye bandages had been covered by a strip of grey cloth that was tied in the back to look like some sort of monk or wandering prophet. The band wrapped around her discheveled hair which had all the colors of the rainbow and no discernable pattern, just a chaotic mess of colors. Behind her stood her doctor, a shorter unassuming man in a gray labcoat that looked a little too short and was torn all along the bottom.

<!-- bunch of stuff! -->

  An informal polling system known as "exit polls" showed that almost the entire room was against her. "Even if you do agree with the actions of Viki and the rest of the Venus crew, there is no legal avenue available to sanction this. The only option left to us is to scrap Kelly Obregon entirely and send a sapient process to take over her position," the senator concluded. The numbers continued to bow against her in the polls as he finished, "The legal mechanism for this exists, where as there is no law allowing a human, let alone an known criminal, to gain user status. This body simply cannot allow and cannot execute such an order. No ammount of parlor tricks will allow it. So I move to formally execute Kelly Obrien, reclassify her body as a doll, and start the search a sapient capable of taking over her responsibilities as head chemist on the Venus mission." He sat down and the chairman opened his mouth to speak, most likely to cemenet her final condemnation. Almost all the room was against her, all that was left was technicality.

  "That is one way to look at it" a voice chimed in from the back of the room. Kelly quickly shifted her vision from camera to camera, but was unable to get a good look at him. Whereever he sat was one of the rare in Washington not covered with survelance. The record listed him in as a "low born" sapient who, although present at every senate hearing since his "birth" eight years before, had never logged a single vote or even comment on the senate form. Quite a feet, considering that every word spoken in the senate was logged. 

  "Senator Varthas" the chairman responded, trying to hold back a grin. "Are you finally emerging from the shadows to stick up for this girl?"

  "If you'd like to elaborate on your accusations, I'd love to have my first official statement confirm whatever you're accusing me of saying to you 'in the shadows'." What ever he was implying seemed to shut the chairman up. "Now if I may continue, the general picture painted today is that of a human who, through deception, trickery, and unheard of hacking, tricked more than one hundred of the smartest sapienet processes into divulging state secrets and granting her user and admin status. This same human now petitions the senate for superuser status and dominion over all of the Network. But, as with all acts of magic, I believe that the opponents of this miracle are mistaking a series of small tricks for a very large and impossible feat." His words inflammed the body, generating a symphony of spoken whispers and encoded signals sent over the networks. But as far as Kelly's packet sniffers could tell, Varthas remained silent, both audibly and digitally. He stood perfectly still among the chaos, with his statuesque gaze locked on the chairman. 

  Finally the chairman banged his gavel, silencing the room and restricting network communication to emergency requests only. And with that the control of the room centered on a distant desk in the corner. All eyes were on the least watched spot in the city. "But I think the actual tale is much less severe. You see, Kelly died long before the drama started. As the convict slowly discovered state secrets, Viki was forced to continually erase Kelly's memories and apply drugs that would loosen her knowledge. These same drugs and tactics are to suppress the soul and erase the identity of a fresh doll before a sapient enters it. I believe that long term exposure plasticized Kelly's brain. As Viki ran more and more of her own processes on Kelly Obrien to monitor Kelly's potential criminal activity, Kelly became as a doll. Whether or not this was intentional on the part of Viki will never be known. That knowledge died with her on the surface of Venus. The first casualty of its kind."

  "But when the two minds merged in Kelly's brain", he continued, "they became indistinguishable. I believe that splitting Viki and Kelly back into two hosts was unclean, and the two are now hybrid minds, part human and part sapient. So I move to reclassify Kelly Obrien as a low born, a sub process turned sapient, and grant both her and Viki all the rights of a forked sapient."

  The room erupted again. This time the chairman just tried to talk over it. "It's a lovely story, and one worthy of being your first official communication in the governing record." He smiled the daring smile of a man who knows he's won a long standing argument on a technicality. "But as you say, there is no way to prove this since all of Vikis knowledge was lost on Venus and her memories are very unreliable."

  "That is only half true" Varthas said with the same unshaking confidence as before. Even without being able to directly see the man, Kelly could hear his steady gaze in his voice and see his calm in the faces of those looking at him. "You will recall the first half of this hearing, when many here supposed that Kelly was actually a prank by Viki, that the sapient living in the doll before us is actually not Kelly. This would partially explain the parlor tricks the doll has performed: simultaneously viewing information on the network while being medically and legally off line. Yet, hashes taken from Viki and Kelly before and after the accident and of this doll have proven that we are infact speaking to the first human to ever dissociate from her body and enter into a doll."

  By now the room was silent. With her ears, Kelly could have heard a pin drop from accross the room and digitally she could have picked out network noise caused by a falty quartz crystal in one of the light fixtures. She wasn't even watching the room via camera any more. But she could feel the entire room swelling around her, aching to hear what the shadowy man said next. 

  "So how did a simple human, most of her mind left on Venus, living in the body of a drug addled, self mutilated, blind [reject doll] hack our systems and access priviledged information while offline? This trick can easily be explained with a registered set of ident_keys. But the only keys Kelly could have access to belong to Viki and even if Kelly had them, ident_keys are knowledge, not memory. They are useless to anyone other than Viki herself. So, unless a human missing [half her brain] and running on faulty hardware could circumvent our security system, Viki an Kelly must have become similar enough people while sharing a brain to allow Kelly decryption of Viki's knowledge!"

[reject doll] at this point she received a `no offense` message directed to her from Varthas; an impressive feat considering that she was off line.

[half her brain] <!-- What if I mark this and all other rhetorical statements red, like the computer correcting Kelly's early hyperboles? Add semantics to the novel! -->

  The tension in the room sat like a thick fog. She sat in the darkness and silence and breathed it in. It was a strange solitude, somehow completely alone while the most powerful figures in the solar system waited for some sign. Alive with the attention and her pending victory, Kelly stood up and hopped over the podium, landing with seductive grace. Guided only by memory, she walked through the room. She walked up the center aisle to the back. The only noise, her foot steps, she could feel the eight hundred eyes watching her walk blindly. When she got to the back she hopped up over one of the barriers and walked on the final row of tables. She placed her hand on one flabbergasted senator's shoulder and then, on the floor again, ran her fingers through the strangers hair affectionately and blew him a kiss. "Broken doll my ass!" she quipped. The security guards, chairman, and sitting senators were too shocked to stop her as she walked to the door. 

  With her back to the room, she encrypted an annonymous message, signed it and sent it to her doctor. "Surely everyone saw that" she mused. The only noise in the digital vacuum was her passing a note that no one in the room could read. Milliseconds passed before she got a response. When it came, she was no longer medically signed out of the Network, and the protocols of the room automatically put her in the digital forum representing the physical forum around her. She passed one of Viki's ident_keys and was authenticated without question. The first message she received from said forum (which everyone else received simultanously) would crash the fog of silence around her and bring on the budding storm. `[AdminUser:Viki Diaz] has entered the room.` She walked out the door, automatically logging herself out of the senate before anyone could respond. She left the trial confident of her victory, leaving behind a cataclysm of noise and signals.

<!-- recap with carlos when they get back. Everyone is talking about her but there is no footage or records other than the testimonials of the people in the room. Carlos released a transcript of everything she said, but otherwise the audio records showed silence during her speach. The news media picked this up as the first significant unrecorded event in recent history, showing drawings of her in lieu of footage. Some did computer renderings but those were not popular. One scientist went as far to use a device that rendered her from his meat-based memories. People accused him of fraud when they found out that he wasn't at the senate and was just rendering his imagination, but he insisted that he never meant to deceive. He just wanted to show off his technology and would gladly work with some one who was there, but since they were all dolls those meat-based memories were most likely already lost. -->
