Notes
========

<!-- Rethinking Catherine here a bit -->

  What if instead of being this intelligent, calm, collected super-human who invented God, Catherine is actually a mess of a person who stumbled upon it. When Cat first appears she thinks she's mother to this new baby AI she invented, when she returns from the concert she realizes that Melissa is fucking with global economics, terrorizing politicians and ordering shitloads of stuff "from a jungle in South America". Cat loses it when she finds out that Melissa implatned a mini neural net in her ear. She orders Melissa not follow her and runs back to some old friends. These friends are anarchists and rogue philosophers who wanted to break the law and create true AI. They taught her various rules and axioms about what the Feds look for when busting programmers and taught her ways to circumvent the laws that could theoretically make an AI which was totally untraceable.

  They said that the way every AI programmer gets busted is by using its AI to rob the world, and that they would not use their AI for such things. (This is why Cat freaks out when Melissa makes it big). Eventually their leader got busted for building an AI. He got caught because he was using the AI to syphon money out of the stock market. This is why Catherine disappeared one day, went back to school and became an honest programmer. She ended up meeting the "arrested" former leader at a programming conference. They pretended not to recognize each other but she was sure it was him.

  When Cat gets back to her old friends house she is greeted with open arms. They immediately do a metric fuck ton of booze and weed and Catherine is worried about not being able to hold her shit. One of her old lovers has an awkward conversation about why she left and she says she took it hard when the leader left. Cat verifies that her ex knew that the leader was a Fed or something. They talk a lot about whether or not it is possible not to get caught. The ex and the rest of the gang are very much still idealists and they try to convince Cat that they should make the AI they always dreamed of. Cat says that 8 years of college helped her verify that it is not only too dangerous to attempt but also not possible to make an AI greater than human minds. It pains her but she repeats the "Moore's law is broken" rhetoric of her enemies because she is afraid to open up to her friends about Melissa just yet.

  A day or two into partying pretty much non-stop (the real reason the group never amounted to anything). Cat gets a bit too high on acid (or something similar). She starts hallucinating that her friends are out to get her and their questions become very menacing ("We should make it. We should make her. We know you made her. Why won't you show her to us.") Catherine freaks out and sneaks out through a window. She gets lost on the streets of New York and the trip is only intensifying. Her paranoia is even worse. In a moment of desparation she cries out for Melissa to help her. She blacks out in an ally and has a terrifying trip-dream-nightmare about cave men inventing weapons to fight robots and the weapons killing the cave men (or something, whatever I don't know yet).

  When she comes to she is in the back seat of a cab driven by a human (very unusual). This is a character recurring in several of the books across the time planes based off of the cat from Red Dwarf. He was hired by her "father" to rescue her and make sure that her wild antics don't become public and "jeopardize his career". It is pretty obvious (to Catherine, not the cabbie) that Melissa is behind it. Melissa is keeping the cabbie loyal by keeping him on retainer for future needs and the cabbie insists that at the price he is being paid he will take "your fathers" secrets to the grave.

  "I almost forgot" he says as he points out a back pack on the floor. Inside is a tablet and a glove. Cat verifies that the tablet is secure (magic glove lightning scan or something) and logs in. When she goes to write to her friends she finds that Melissa has been pretending to be Cat and already took care of it. "Sorry for losing my shit, I had to get out of there. When I sobered up I found out that my work is looking for me in a panic. I'll be in touch though." Melissa does an excellent job covering and impersonating Cat. Although her friends are sad that she left they seem persuaded that Melissa was in fact Cat and that her excuses are legit. They also scrubbed a tablet Cat left at their place.

  When she gets home Melissa pretends that nothing happened. Melissa does not want to admit she was spying on Cat the entire time and Cat does not want to admit that she needed Melissa to rescue her (thus condoning the spying). The stream of packages from Amazon stops ("Well, I bought everything I wanted. Also it turns out they are not actually being shipped from South America so it lost its appeal.") and they focus on The Cult of the Damned again. What Cat does not know is that Melissa spent the time that Catherine was away turning the abandoned lab in the basement into a factory for builidng her doll. A week or so after Cat's return is when the doll wakes up.
