Finding Emily
=======

  At this stage in the analysis facial recognition was not allowed. Not that Jersey needed it. That stressed face but elegant gate. The motion in her steps of pure, undeniable purpose masking the exhaustion as she ran. The face was unmistakably hers. Jersey needed a way to proving to the rest of the world. Who was this mysterious woman running on top of a train at dawn? He would know her any where, even if she changed her look. But how could others see it.

  Then he saw it. One shot, probably inserted by the editors for this very point. The frame of the camera cut off the bottom of her face, leaving only soft blond hair that clumped like knives where blades should be and pale skin housing emarald eyes that could cut diamonds. That shot seemed so familiar. Maybe too familiar. If this was a clue by The Editors then he would not be the only person to see it. `I hav'ta work fast.`

  And so he exploded into a flurry of monitors, combing through every second of the b-reel and deleted scenes of the last season of, or more accurately the punultimate season of, his favorite now canceled RTV show. He knew every frame by heart, maybe better than anyone on the planet. Of course it could not be in the main reel, the 114 episodes everyone knew. But it had to be there somewhere. 

  He came accross a deleted scene of Emily and Henry running (`of course, running!`) up the stairs of a building. He watched it several times but could not find what he was looking for. He turned up only the audio in the new leaked footage and blasted it. Emily was singing loudly in the background music, inspite of the fact that she was panting heavily while running. [Prerecorded music][] was unheard of (borderline illegal) in RTV. `Maybe they are using her songs and a similar looking actress to lead into a new show?` he thought. The whole world had after all watched Emily fall from a building in one of the most disasterous moments in the genre. Maybe she was dead after all. "No she can't be!" he almost yelled but instead asserted under his breath. He closed his eyes and breathed in the energetic guitar of the music that so tightly resembled the train, a rythmic picking of strings that went click-clack in his ears.

[Prerecorded music] # When he calls her at the cafe she says that she will answer one question. When he asks how she survived the building she says she is hanging up. He blerts out "how were you singing on the train?" and she agrees to meet him. The answer is that she can sing in her head when she left RTV and the cameras pick it up via her neural net.

  Like a bullet train emerging from his minds eye he finally knew. He pulled up the final episode and skimmed along the unoffical footage. At this point the other three Fratellis had left her and she darted from rooftop to rooftop in unrelenting pursuit. It had to be Emily. Sword to one side and hair bouncing in a pony tail she moved with the same exact same gait as the woman in the leaked footag. The distance between buildings almost perfectly matched the length of the train cars so that from an aerial view the two could almost be superimposed. Almost, but that was not the shot he was looking for.

  Jersey sat patiently, digesting several tens of minutes of footage without blinking. His only breath was the occasional gasp when, after moving at olympic speed for an inhuman amount of time, Emily would leap again, falling some ten meters or more and then resuming her previous pace without missing a step. And then he saw it. For less than a second a frontal camera focused on Emily's eyes, mouth and nose cut off out of frame. He quickly tried to interlace the two and found that three steps of each footage matched perfectly, both with each other and with the drum beat, so that when he but between them in rapid succession they made the perfect transition.

  He then went busily to work, hours blending with seconds and minutes into a slurry of time that tasted like days and smelled of nights. He cut and sewed scenes together so frantically that he would often forget himself. Finally, he threw himself back satisfactorily in his chair and exhaled. He centered himself, trying to [displace his own memories] so that he could see what others would see when they watched it. After a few more calming breathes, he killed the lights and pressed play.

[displace his own memories] # Actually, change this so that he stashes all his memories of editing it and watches it for the first time with no memries of editing it (but still remembers seeing the train footage and song many times).

  He was shocked to discover that his masterpiece left the music wholly untouched. He somehow felt that, although they completely removed the ambiant audio, that the music was exactly as The Editors had wanted it and should not be touched. The video, for the most part, was also unaltered in time. The original motion of the girl (whose identity he tried to forget) fit so well with the music that he had not the heart to move any of her steps out of time to the song. He even went to scoff at himself and laugh his hours wasted since the first 30 seconds seemed untouched.

  But then he saw a flash. A tree passed in front of the camera and in the shadow the train dissapeared. For a fraction of a second, almost unoticably short, the scene was replaced with Emily running on the roof tops. It shot back to the white roof of the train and the hot sun, as she sprinted in the opposite direction the train was going. And every time any shadow would appear or some object would obscure a camera angle, there it was again, the long pursuit on rooftops in the final moments before Emily "died", and then back to her sprinting against the train.

  As the first verse crescendoed the flashes became much more intense, now following the drums rather than the random shaddows. Right as the drums peaked and the first chorus began, Emily jumped between traincars and buildings. In one fluid motion, night time Emily lunged forward and swung her blade. It cut into the camera and the flashes ceased, this time stopping purely on night time Emily. She fought her former friends. Jersey had seen this footage a thousand times before, but never had it been set so perfectly to song. She was always the best fighter of the four, but with three on one she was certainly doomed.

  When the chorus was almost over the bass drum kicked into high gear again and the flashes to the train started with it. Jersey suddenly recalled that this particular moment was the first time the static started interrupting the live feed of the show. And here the static was replaced by the scene on the train. `Either amazing at this or The Editors have planned this all along` he thought. Both seemed equally implausible at describing the tight cuts covering the static.

  And then Emily was back on the train. Jersey expected much more after this last bit, but the second verse [was mostly more of the same][]. He was disappointed but at the same time could not think of what he was missing. Nothing else could go there

[was mostly more of the same][] # Amanda later makes a much better second verse that gets her in with Emily. Also much of this section needs to be rewritten!

  The second round of fighting ended with Emily tossed through the glass window. That famous final scene, slowed down so that the glass bits floated around her and the static could be exchanged with her back flip off the train. As night time Emily cut out day time Emily completed her back flip and landed from one train to another. She stood up, sword on back, and looked back at the train she had just jumped off of and the city she was leaving. The music built in intensity but slowed down. Eventually the slowing won out and the music fade away as Emily sang the final ominous lines: "Like the moon we shadow a lie, I have fallen from my castle in the sky. And if you catch me I will survive. And together we can watch it burn."

  The camera panned around to face her front as she sang the final word, revealing the city and auroras behind her. Finally it fadded to black as she turned the direction the train was headed to face her destination.

  Beaming with pride and anticipation, Jersey hastily threw together a script to seed the video on a few key fan sites. `Got to get this up before any one else gets credit.` He motioned to launch but then froze. Something did not seem right. There was a larger piece he was missing. He downgraded his scripts to only post to a few of the deeper corners of the web and put it on a timed launch of a few days. If someone else launched before him they would get the bulk of the payout, but this way he would certainly get credit for first discovery.

  He restored all his cached memories and focused on a cached copy of the video. There were two unexplained mysteries that he noted early but never solved. Where was she going and why was she running on the train. After watching a few arial shots he answered the second question easily: the trains were moving in opposite direction so unless she at least matched the velocity of the train she was on it would be difficult to leap to the other train. But where did all this take place. The city she was leaving was obviously her home. He could recognize that from any angle. But he could not quite tell the second city. The buildings were so modern that it could only have been a handful of RTV locations. But he swore he knew all of those. This must be a new RTV series. 

<!-- blech, too tired to write. He recognizes the city as being a IRL city, is glad that he did not publish and decides to figure out where she ran to. -->

End
========

<!-- The end for Jersey and Amanda are the same up until the knife is plunged in. The only differences before this point are the "first person limited" descriptions reference Jersey and not Amanda. Amanda's plot is the default and Jersey's can be unlocked by replacing her name with his in the url. -->

  He struggled against her strength but had no affect. She towered over him like a building, no, like a guillotine. Steel beams and cabels wrapped in flesh and sinew lowering a sharp obsidian point down towards the corner where his neck met his shoulder. In the corner of his eye he could see Amanda cry out, struggling to [get to him][]. But she wouldn't make it. He felt the contact of the point to his flesh and he looked away fighting a scream. The pain sunk in deeper, a plain of agony suddenly separating parts of his body that had been connected for a life time. As the knife pierced his heart his life ran before his eyes. He saw a few dozen memories from childhood, many of which he did not know he still had. He saw years worth of memories in college. He then saw himself drop out to play video games only to drop out of that. He saw the skys turn red and rain fire when Jupiter detonated and he felt his agorophobia develop. He saw his obsession with reality TV and Amanda, his only friend, so obviously in love with him but he too oblivious to notice. He saw whole days, whole weeks even, devoted to watching Emily Williams over and over again, that face he obsessed over. He saw the power outage, pursuit of Emily, and their eventual meeting. He saw his brief romance with Amanda, so long overdue and, now, so painfully short. And he saw himself again on the plane and saw Emily killing her own love before turning to Jersey. And then he saw her face again, the last face he would ever see, his lifelong obsession and now murderer. He felt the knife sinking into his shoulder and turned away.

[get to him] # Maybe she's locked in another room?

  "Cut, that's a wrap! Jersey ?? has been saved!" a voice came from an unseen direction. The sword slid out of his shoulder like it were a sheath and the pain vanished. He fell to the floor, and the plane was suddenly not shaking any more. He looked up at Emily, who turned away and walked off quickly. He looked to see where she was going but she had vanished the second she left his field of view. He glanced to where Amanda had cried out to him. She too turned and walked away, vanishing when Jersey blinked. He only glimpsed them for a second but he could swear they had no face.

  "Amanda... Emily... Who's there? Who said that?" He stood and looked around, now seeing that the plane itself was not a plane, but a series of backdrops and bluescreens like they in plays or in Hollywood in the years before reality TV.

  A tall but unassuming man walked over to him, clapping loudly and slowly as he approached. "That was amazing. I can't tell you what an honor it is to meet you, Jersey. Can I call you that?"

  "Yeah... it's my name," he said with hesitation and then continued while quickly looking around. Where the hell am I?"

  "It's a reproduction... of your death? I made it for you when I heard you were being reborn." He gestured at nothing in particular. "It's supposed to be less of a shock to the system if the transition from stored image to wide awake and physical appears seamless. So here we are." He paused then extended a hand. "I'm sorry, where are my manners. I'm Kevin. I died a few months after you. I am a HUGE fan. I must have watched you die a thousand times... that sounded creepy. Most people here have watched it a thousand times. You were the first to die and wake up here. Well not literally the first, they did have a lot of experiments and a few of those were successful. But according to cannon you are the first to die."

  "Then why am I just waking up? If I've been dead for months-"

  "Well you died again. In here though. Human brains aren't really equiped to handle eternity, so here in our little heaven we can die and they just boot up a fresh copy of our initial image. You retain none of the memories from your first half-life" `it might even be your second or third for all I know` "but you do retain permission elevations and any cash you had when you most recently died. Oooo, do you have any cash?"

  Jersey instinctively knew what he was talking about and mentally pulled his own profile. "No permissions, one human equivalent in the bank." He suddenly realized that Kevin was saying "cache" not "cash".

  "Damn, that's too bad. I guess performance in life is not indicative of performance in half-life. Everyone starts with one HQ. I don't think it's possible to have less. That's fine though, you'll just have to bum off other people's realities."

  Jersey suddenly turned and grabbed Kevin's collar in a fit of realization. "Mandy's here. Where is she?"

  "Woah, woah calm down. You can find out in any reality that has television... do you mind spoilers?" Jersey glared hostily into Kevin's face to show him that he didn't. Kevin, being the opposite of threatened, brightened with the joy of a child on Christmas. "I can't believe I get to tell you this. She's still alive. So is Emily. Or I think so. Time works really weird here. But you can figure that out later. Amanda triggered some kind of explosive on the ship. Or maybe there was an accident. I saw so many versions before the event actually happened that I forget which was is cannon." She somehow got Emily's dagger and jumped out the plane. She spent a few weeks in the hospital, but she'll be out soon. Or maybe she's out. Time is really confusing here."

The End
========

<!-- This is the last chapter of Jersey's storyline in book 5 and can be used to back door into book 6

  With bones like steel beams and muscles like iron cables, Jersey could do nothing to escape Emily's grip. He heard Amanda cry out for mercy in the corner of the room. Why had she done that? She must know that neither of them stood a chance against the bio-engineering that made Amanda more tank than human. Emily declared Jersey "the second to die" and drove knife into his neck. He felt it, cleaving a wedge of pain into him as it reached for his heart. He let out one final scream and everything went black.

  Jersey opened his eyes and looked around confused. He was no longer on the plane, but rather lying in a concrete clearing in the center of a skyscraper forrest. Amanda stood over him, looking dirty, broken, and worn like she had taken a bath in a cement mixer. But she also seemed larger, more filled out and slightly taller. She looked like she could survive a trip through a cement mixer. Like underneath her soft skin and deep eyes lay 900 pounds of ceramic bones and steel cables. She looked... like she was on Reality TV. Clearly he had blacked out for a long time, but it felt like no time had passed. His eyes had not even needed to adjust to the light.

  "Amanda... we made it. But how? Emily was..." He frantically looked around in panic. "Is she still here." Amanda said nothing, but stared at him with a look of abject terror, confusion, and even hatred. Jersey suddenly noticed that he was connected to the internet, mentally, by some method that he never knew. He suddenly knew their location on earth, as well as the position of the several hundred cameras watching them. He could send pings or even commands to everything with a microchip in the city. But he got nothing but silence from pinging Amanda. This fact alone struck him as odd. Him instantly and unexplicably becoming part of a technological singularity felt like the most natural thing in the world. "Amanda! What happened?" His voice screeched and his relief to be alive was replaced with panic. "We were just on the plane. Emily was going to kill me... No." He looked up at her with a terror that matched hers. "Emily did kill me."

  A small expression of hope was begining to break through Amanda's terrified stare. "Jersey? They... they gave you back to me?" She leapt in and embraced him. The hug felt oddly distant as his breasts pressed against hers and prevented their torsos from lining up as they normally did. Then the realization stuck Jersey all at once. "I am a woman!" Jersey declared looking down at her chest.

  "Your in Emily's body. I spared her life and fried my own neural net in protest. Emily was going to kill me any way but... they swapped you. Maybe they wanted to punish her and reward me. Maybe they just didn't want me to die without being saved. Maybe it was just for ratings?"

  "I remember all that." Jersey declared, suddenly realizing that she had access to the short term memories of his new body. They were cryptic and vague but they were there.
