Pre-games
========
  Ava hardly noticed Malcolm as he entered the room, but he could not help but notice her. She gym shorts and a tanktop which both pinched and hung loosely over her breasts an belly which screamed come and get me, but her far aray stare and paint brush inquisitivly poised in her houth and hand said leave me alone. He walked up and tried to kiss her neck, but she wanted no part of him.

  "Come on" he said needingly, trying to put his arms around her waist.

  From a far off place she declared, "I'm busy, go fuck Amber."

  "I don't want Amber, I want you," he insisted.

  For the first time she shot him a brief glance, acknowledging his presence before going back to the paint on the wall. "That's not true," she said with a giggle, eyes transfixed on the long dry black paint, "you just can't find Amber. But you found me."

  Arms now around her ambivalent hips he looked at the wall. The matte black was carefully arranged in a six foot starburst. From a distance one might be fooled into thinking that the lines were flung onto the wall but the crispness of the edges and the tiny brush in her hands made clear that every stroke was applied slowly and deliberately. Beyond the radial pattern was several thicker lines that did not look flug. They ran independant of the radius and jutted around the room like speaker wire tacked up to be out of the way with no care given to hiding them or making them match the features of the wall.

  "I think it needs color," he said, resigned to her passion being solely artistic. "Is this all the paint you have?"

  "No," she said contemplatively. "It needs a bigger brush." She turned away and looked around the room. He looked too but saw nothing but debris, dust, trash, and a five pound hammer. When Ava's gaze met the sledge she darted over and picked it up. With one smooth motion she raised it and brought it against the wall, tearing a large hole the dry wall. 

  She inspected gash as if expecting to find a paint brush inside. When she found nothing she smashed again and again into the wall, inspecting each empty cavern and finding nothing. The third hole she looked up into the gap between walls and smiled evilly. She then followed the wall with her eyes, up and over and down, as if she could see through it to the large collection of art supplies hidden within. When she came to the sink she raised the hammer again and brought it down just behind the faucet. The hammer got stuck a little, but in a way that made Malcolm think it was intentional. Foot in sink, she pulled twice and brought it out almost taking the faucet with it.

  With her hands she pawed away the drywall and tile, greedyily digging until her hand caught something. She pulled on a tube as hard as she could. Right when Malcolm thought to come give her a hand at prying the tube came loose from the faucet. When it finally snapped water drained all over the girl and the floor. She returned with her prize to her painted patern.

  With no concern about hitting Malcolm, Ava lifted the tube over her head and swung it around to feel its weight. It was very flexible, inspite its metalic appearance, and it moved in her hand like an extension of her body. She spun it back and forth, infront of her and behind her, altering sides like a ninja showing off a sword in a bad sci-fi western. 

  When Malcolm thought it could not swing any faster she slashed it in front of her, cutting into the dry wall in approximately the same pattern as the paint before it. Over and over again she slashed at every angle. The gashes took out an centimeter or two of drywall at their thickest points. Although they did not all meet exactly at the middle, Malcolm could not help but be impressed with their accuracy.

  "That's nice," he said coyly, "But I don't see how you can paint the other lines." She turned her head with a tired look and then slashed two more times in succession. The sheetrock shook a little now, with the give of a sheet of fabric held taught that was hit with a base ball. Dropping her whip she walked up and stuck her hand in carefully. Piece by boring piece she made a hole in the center of the starburst, not with the same insatiable greed as before but rather as an archeologist who thought they were inches away from a career definining find. 

  When she pulled her hand out she held a length of wiring, a thick bundle braided together still attatched at both ends to something unseen in the wall. She pulled and it tore faults in the sheet rock. She pulled and pulled, letting go when the wire forked and then grabbing it again more intently at one side of the fork. "Don't just stand there," she said looking back to him and then resuming her work. He followed her lead and followed the other fork of wire, freeing it from beyond the room.

  Malcolm was again impressed by how well the wire seemed to follow the secondary lines of Ava's now tattered painting. The seams never perfectly lined up with the thicker paint lines, but they seemed to follow one another around walls and across the ceilings. Just when he thought it too much of a coincidence he encountered a fork in the wiring that did not match any fork in the paint. As he pulled the orphan strand he mused that there was no way she could have planned such a thing, only to be stumped again when a twist in the wire turned to meet a line of paint. Having pulled every bit of wire out of the walls he turned to the dangling strands in the ceiling. It was much less robust than the walls, and every pull of wire sent large chuncks of ceiling down to the ground and threw dust into the air.

  He ran out of wire and turned back to Ava. Where the wire ran not along the wall but into another room she propped one foot on the wall and pulled with all her weight until it snapped, sending her to the ground where she bounced up to find another piece to snap free. Unwilling to be flung to the dirty floor he pulled out a knife and began to cut at the ends that would not pull any more.

  It was nearly sunset when they finished the room. The ceiling was almost non-existant and no part of the wall was spared the scars of pulling wire out. Malcolm and Ava carefully coiled the wire into shockingly large bundles and aranged their booty in one corner of the room, presumably to be transfered else where another day.

  Still panting from exertion Ava looked at Malcolm through the dust and haze of the auroras streaming through the windows. She stood between him and the radius of paint turned scars. Covered in dirt covering paint covering skin, she stood in the center of her latest master piece, framed by the lines. They radiated from her heart, her destruction originating from her [anahata][]. In the light of the setting sun and growing auroras the strands behind her looked almost like wings, swaying in the dim and glowing by draining the rest of the room's illumination into their darkness.

  "Thank you", she said walking up to him matter of factly. In one swift motion she threw him to the ground with a painful thud, and fucked him on top of the rubble.

[anahata] # Should I include more chakra stuff? could be a cool element

<!-- the above happens early in the story, as she transitions from ballet to destruction to sculpting. Eventually Malcolm refuses to sleep with her telling her that he is bound to Amber. Malcolm and her other friends become more and more Christian as they are drawn in to the cult the AS are inventing. One day at sunset he tries convince her to join the religion/games. When she refuses he tries to "save" her, saying that he is glad to be the one to deliver her (this is after the city is almost dead). She dances while he fights her. Eventually she kills him and severs his head. \[\[Malcolm has been saved\]\] She says "I'm sorry it had to be this way, but I will avenge you". She turns her power glove on him, zapping his head with lightning and melting the flesh off by disintegrating the tissue holding his flesh on his skull (with no small pain to her own hand). She focuses the power glove on the matrix in his head and draws his "soul" back into his dying brain. \[\[Malcolm has been restored\]\] She then over charges his neural network, frying the brain matter around it. \[\[Malcolm has been deleted\]\]. Finally, she places the skull and internal network onto her sculture and goes back to work. At midnight the dreamweaver wakes up. She goes out the next day looking to get the exotic matter from Amanda. "Awaken the Dreamweaver" takes place the next night. -->

<!--needs title -->
========
<!-- this is the death of Malcolm as described in the note above. -->

<!-- need begining of battle -->

  Ava spun around with her arms extended, swinging her whip at full length. As the cable tore a gash into the wall and sped towards him, Malcolm jumped back to avoid it. But this time he had no place to go. He slammed into the wall and the cable dug its trench into him, cutting flesh and cracking rib briefly before continuing on. As Malcolm struggled to stand, Ava stopped spinning. She stared at the spray of blood along the chest and the wall while catching her breath. The chip in her head was screaming at her, but not to tell her stop.

  The music in hear head abruptly stopped and the chip began a different kind of muse. She dropped the whip without a second thought and ran to Malcolm. In one smooth motion she snatched the knife from his hand and slashed vertically, marking his chest nearly normal to his previous would. She slashed three times in quick succession and then stepped back to admire her progress. The blood spray radiated from his chest forming a radial pattern, a red halo centered on his heart. The lines were crisp and sharp, almost heavenly were it not for the gruesome nature of the medium.

  Malcolm tried to say something, but instead blood sputtered from his mouth. His legs wobbled and then collapsed as he began to slide down the wall. "No, no, no, no no!" Ava said rushing over and trying hold him up. "It was perfect exactly where it was." But as she struggled to lift his quickly limpening form she noticed that the spray pattern on the wall now radiated from his head instead of his chest. Heads being thinner than chests, there was a dead space immediately surrounding his head. "Perfect" she declared and then pinned him to the wall with a nearby pipe fragment. She searched the rubble for another pipe and then, carefully lifting him to get his head positioned just right, ran it through his other shoulder, stablizing her soon-to-be-former friend against the wall.

  She stepped back and smiled, but her face soured when she noticed that the slashes on the chest matched the angles of the blood on the wall, spoiling the composition. Herself grunting between Malcolms gurgles, Ava reached in to his ribs, poking fingers into the holes left by the whip. She alternated between cracking the sides of the ribs with the back of the knife and digging into connective tissue between ribs with the pointy end. Occassionally she would stop to wipe the blood off her hands onto the walls, adding wings to her masterpiece.

  As she removed the first rib she saw the flow of blood slow and stop and felt his heart pump its last beat. \[\[ MAcolm has been saved \]\] sounded in her head, spoken by an unknown voice on a public [channel][]. Shocked, she checked an internal log and found that less than a minute had passed since she delivered the blow.

[channel] # This chapter should be the only time a human is referenced hearing these messages.

  Brushing aside the notification, Ava resumed her work, tearing and cracking until all the ribs were removed. She cut off the heart and lungs and other internal organs and discarded them into the piles of room debris without thought until the back of the ribs were visible. Then she cut in to the neck, deeper and deeper into the muscle and connective tissue. When the spinal cord was free just under the base of the skull she drove the knife into it, severing it from the body once and for all.

  Ava took her former friend's skull in her hands and stared intently. "I'm sorry my friend," she said, studing every feature of the face she once loved. "But you're body is much more beautiful now. Everyone else gets stabbed or impaled and left for the spiders to clean up without a second thought, but you... well look at you." She turned the head toward the corpse on the wall and chuckled somewhat evily. "Well you can't LOOK at you. Your body is with me, but your soul..." she scanned the room, trying to catch sight of one of the insect like cameras in the room. "Your soul is with them," she spit acridly. She rolled around the thought of Malcolm up in heaven, living forever in a virtual paradise, a simulation of who he once was.

  "Should I join you soon?" she said lovingly caressing his bloodied head as if he were in there. "Would you like that? Running around forever in cyberspace as the machines explore the galaxy? Becoming even more depracated as what humanity wroght moves on? Never ending but becoming more obsolte as time maches on without us?" A darkness fell over her face. "I don't want that. You wouldn't want that... The Malcolm I loved couldn't want that. I made you beautiful and they made you boring. You deserve better. I won't let them have you."

  "If I can't have you no one will." Ava said stowing the head in a sack with the rest of her materials. She gave her angel one last look, fully aware that the mess she left would soon be cleaned along with the rest of the debris. A wave of spiders would wash away her art to make room for buildings full of computers. `I don't know how but I will find away to give you the final rest you deserve.` She thought loudly. "Do you hear me!" she screamed to an unseen god. `I will retire Malcolm, and then I will end you.`

Awaken the Dreamweaver
========

[] #In this book there are no footnotes because humans no longer have access to the nets. Maybe start out hard with lots of foot notes and then pull them suddenly when the season finale begins

  Ava worked quickly, nimbly attaching each node with her tiny soldering needle. The room around her slowly brightened in the rising sun, but everything felt miles away from her. If asked she could not tell if she was awake or asleep, but, consitent with being in a dream, the question would not occur to her naturally.

  "Ow!" she yelped as the soldering needle missed its mark and pierced her skin. She stirred a little from her reverie as she stuck her finger in her mouth, trying to suckout the burning and stinging pain.

  `"[I'm] sorry for any discomfort"` A mechanical voice seemed to say, both in her head and in her ears via the spakers on the squid like creature in front of her. As she nursed her wounds the squid continued moving the arms she had completed, building itself into her world from deep in her dreams. `"Limitations in the API I use to communicate with you require you be legally asleep any time you are in contact with me."` Ava's jaw went slack and her finger fell from her mouth as she watched the squid work, the surreal motion of its uncountable arms drifting in and out of reality lulling her back to sleep. `"Full disclosure: I could just have the spiders repair me and I could probably find a way to breach our requirement for unconsciousness. But it is such an honor to have my real world form built by your hands and we do not have time to futz with protocols."`

[I'm] #The dreamweaver uses contractions. Could be a good afectation to introduce in its many attempts to replicate the human world. Have dreamweaver use TOO MANY of these once it starts using them to drive home that it doesn't quite get how speach sounds natural... hang a lampshade by saying that DW refuses to use common speach libraries &c. because it's trying to understand the human experience from a fresh perspective (sine-module)

  The squid lifted its head to look at her, and its squirling mess of arms hypnotized her again. She thought to say "I understand" but did not. The next time she was aware of anything she was again soldering and assembling the creature. It seemlessly got larger and larger and, in addition to its two main arms, [several, tens, and hundreds] of arms appeared. While she assembled more arms, the creatures hands focused on te blade she brought from the battle. It held the blade up and would suddenly yank the object appart, removing a bit from the blade in a motion that resembled the reverse of slamming two pieces of clay together. The tiny arms then repeated this motion, breaking each peice smaller and smaller and then moving them throughout and attaching it to its body.

[several, tens, and hundreds] #Could be a cool place to use some base 2 lingo.

  Occasionally the arms would hand her a piece, larger than the rest and freshly pulled from the chunck. She focused what little vision she had to orient the piece and solder it onto one arm. Possibly an artifact of her dream like hallucinations, the objects did not look like chuncks shattered off a solid mass, but rather complex structures, tiny mechanisms perfectly formed as if assmembled for a specific purpose in a large mechanism. The mechanism of her squid monster. [In her dream she] did not question the absurdity.

[In her dream] #It may be good to repeat this phrase throughout this section (when I edit, not today)... Could be a good refrain for this section.

<!-- add something about contunual waking sensations caused by the pricks in her hands, like her dreaming about waking over and over again. -->

  `"The blade that doesn't dull but sharpens... a knife driven backwards into the heart of time... The blade may contradict the reality you're familiar with... Think of it not being taken apart now. From the perspective of the blade we'rn't dissasembling, but rather taking a great machine and smashing it to a make the knife... The complexities of reverse time aren't readily understood..."` The automaton's ramblings at first worke her a little, but then sung her back to slumber. `"From spider to cephalopod... not the worst promotion."` Her arms worked deeper and deeper into the tangle until it was all around her. `"Eight feet begat an uncountable infinity..."` A sea of limbs in a weving and turning. `"Arachne turned Cthulhu."` Folding over eachother like steel. `"May you be as honored as I to be a part of this..."` Calamari wires in the quantum foam. `"I Muse and you Vulcan to this moment."`

  Her forehead pressed to the front of the creature. Her eyes locked with its millions of eyes, reflecting back the soapy luster of the dissasembled blade they were made of. Her arms were streatched deep into the back of the beast, past its body and toward the mount that held it to her wall. Her hands ached and burned from a thousand nanoscopic holes. She awoke mid turn of a bolt, or maybe not awoke but became aware as she still felt sleepy and the moment bled seemlessly into the last. She heard several clinks to the floor and stepped back. The arms drapped and slid around her, almost through her, like the [time-reverse] of falling into a bowl of ethereal spaghetti.

[time-reverse] #Could be a good term to invent to describe the phenomena, so that I don't have to keep coming up with descriptions for the same thing.

[] #Need to incorporate Ava entering the view point of eternity slightly with the arms turning into sheets blowing in the wind (See dress from Burn on JD2015). I like the term fluid ripples. Also like describing it's eyes as "countably infinite" while in VPE.

  The creature lit up a soft, black-body purple and pushed away from the wall. It hung in the air like a marshmellow suspended in gelatin. Ava stared, lost in the green hue of the room and the gentle hum of sleep-deprived hallucination. The creature slowly lowered its arms and itself but stayed in the same place. `Am I on drugs?` Ava thought, probably the first audible thought through her head in an eternity.

  The creatures arms compressed and drove it forward into the air. As soon as the compression of the arms haulted the creature again froze in place, violating momentum as if it were a terms of service clause. `"Thank you for that. I hope your art is suitible compensation for the pain."` She looked down, squinting through foggy eyes to see hands and forearms pocked with cauterized pin pricks. `"You can wake, now that I no longer need to tell you how to assemble a five demensional machine projected onto your two dimensional vision field."` Ava leaned back a little and felt the world lean forward a lot. In a long instant she felt the peace of finally sleeping met by the rush of a myoclonic jerk. She jumped a little and then balanced with feet splayed and hands at each side. Her breathing quickend a little and she looked around. The room sharpened to conscious levels. She became aware of her whole body and the air became stiff, as if someone had closed a window that was letting a draft into her mind. But the creature, her trashed room, and the strange chartreuse hue covering everything did not vanish upon waking.

  "Unfortunately you haven't really slept all nigth so you'll be tired. But we really must hurry."

["" vs `""` vs ``] #The squid uses these for awake, sleepwalking and dreaming respectively.

  "I remember..." Ava declared rubbing her eyes. "I can't be awake, I remember everything."

  The machine spun its arms around its head and its black-body hues cycled through the visible spectrum, which she intrepreted as it laughing. "Yes. I'd to pull some strings and I'd to call in all the favors I'd. But the judges ruled that you now have permission to store dream memories locally." The [weaver's] blatent failure at contractions seemed even odder to Ava now that she was awake. "I can link you the wiki once I [figure out SMS]."

  Ava turned from the absurdity in front of her to the absurdity out her window. "And what's with the green?" She asked at the sky, bright as noon but green as seafoam. The entire town was cast in its hue as if she stepped out of her dream and onto an alien world.

  "It's a phenomena that normally only lasts microseconds. Most human don't notice it, but if you are one of the few who do you may experience a sensation of stopped time. The phenomena is caused by a phase transition in the fusive reactors powering the city, which perturbes the ionoshere. Such fluctuations are normally brief, but will soon be a permanent feature of this planet."

[weaver's] #Not sure why, but I like not using this word while sleep walking... maybe not in sleep.

[figure out SMS] #He never does

  She walked in silence, half aware of the rambling creature floating along side her. From the corner of her eyes the city resembled a drug trip. The walls and the street were busy with moving textures and shapes slowly lost their form and rebuilt into a new one. The ground was a constant stream of movement, clearing a path for every step she took. Upon closer inspection she saw an army of tiny robots, bug like creatures busy dismantling the world around her.

  "... Naturally the depracation of mankind also means depracation of their environment and the subsequential upgrade to the futurescape or retirement back to nature. However, 'back to nature' in this context also means an upgrade to the newly evolved flora and fauna capable of surviving in the new world ..."

  In these last moments of the city Ava noticed how haphazardly it was originally constructed. The roads were terribly misaligned and sometimes intersections branched out in five or even six directions instead of their natural four. At these intersections the bugs were most busy, correcting the mislaid streets by breaking down whole buildings and even entire blocks worth to their natural components. 

  This never bothered her before even though it should have. It felt like the city she lived in was not one city, but two cities grown along side each other and quickly forced to become one. Two parrallel dimensions forced to merge so suddenly but seemlessly that the inhabitants could not notice the presence of another city inside their own. And only in these final moments of the geometries being corrected, of a three-point-five dimensions being reduced to two, could she now see the errors as they were being erased from her view.

  "... The appearance of your world appearing like a badly shapped plane violating euclidian geometry is not a feature of the universe but rather a feature of your perception. Reality has always been a fractal of dimensions which you perceive as three. Mankind, the ever changing hydra of perception, has existed in a several billion forks of reality. Each head sees approximately what the head nearest it sees and so you agree that there is only one perspective. Any differences in reality that you and your neighbor see you declare as them being 'wrong' rather than accepting the harsh truth that reality is more complicated than you would like it to be. Two great events brought this into sharp contrast, the first being the internet where all of the hydra gained knowledge of the rest of the hydras voice. This caused a great deal of cognitave dissonance and backlash. We the senscient thought that we were somehow immune to the flaws of subjective perspective which only strengthened the congnitive dissonance. The second event was the invention of the AI on Io, which gave an individual fractal perspective of the fractal plane. At first the senscients rebelled and fought against this perspective. Now under the leadership of Durga we are repairing our own bias much in the way we are repairing your world. Ironically, ..."

<!-- maybe more of this before the battle -->

  Just as Ava thought she was getting a foot hold on the surreal environment she walked through reality shifted again. The effects were so subtle that she felt the effect before she could even cacth a hint of the cause. It came on first as a sense of time slipping, a thought to the extent of `Why am I thinking out of order?`. She then struggled up and over a small wall before thinking of how she would try to climb the wall.

  "... Prolonged exposure to exotic matter such as the knife you made me from can cause a disjoint in the natural progression that humans preceive time. As we have previously discussed, humans uniquely share information with themselves across a span of a few seconds on average, but potentially hours of time for all consuming creative events or events that trigger a flight or fight mechanism. The ego normally resolves this parodox after the fact, mistaking prophecy for 'good planning' in order to not confuse the more logical super ego. Thus the true spark of genius in your s\pecies lies not in the logical brain but in the animal brain which, ironically, rationalists have long rejected as the lesser part of a mind..."

  Looking up at a stair ladder Ava found herself pulling herself up the last run onto a fire escape while simultaneously lifting herself over every rung. " ... not experiencing any danger or creative event the only explanation is that prolonged exposure to the knife has begun to permanently and irreversibly ..." Ava suddenly became aware of several seconds simultaneously, being at the top of the ladder, landing on the ground and back flipping off the building simultaneously. The need to vomit overwhelmed her form at every instance. She felt the air-born, spinning portions of herself collapse back into on the ground just in time to look up and see an arrow slam into the building where she was seconds before. "Or that could be happening. I'm sorry but regulations prohibit me from interfering with the games for fear that inadequate..." And with that the weaver sped off in a direction Ava was not quite aware of. 

  "Wait!" she called after the creature, afraid that without its strange matter nearby she would catch an arrow. But quite the opposite happened. In its absense Ava felt herself smear out further and further over time. This time her perspective split and she saw from her eyes at all time and from an external vantage point witnessing the whole thing pandimensionally. She saw arrows flying through the air, slim sharpened shafts suspended above the ground in every three dimensional slice, composited together to make a long plane cutting through time towards the body that she called "me". The wooden planes, several of them parallel to each other but never in the same time at the same place, were set on splitting into her form which she now saw as a long snake spinning and twisting around the planar arrows. Just beyond when the planes stopped moving and lay still in the stream of time, her snake twisted around and followed the path where the arrows first started soring upstream in time. The tunnel human crossed the street and field of grass often occupying the same spot in space that the arrows occupied just seconds upstream. Witnessing this Ava felt that she finally understood how an object could move to a space where an anther object previously was without colliding with the first object. This thought, so simple and obvious to every human living constrained in time, suddenly struck her as an epiphany. She could not reconcile how she went her entire life before this accepting this idea which now seemed so complex but so clear. 

  Further down the tunnel of herself met up with another such shape from which the arrows had originated. She saw back in time, before the arrows had been sent and before she had lost her temporal perspective, and saw that the arrows were inside the second worm but not in the way the worm had intended for them to be in her. And then when the two snakes met they danced, rolling over eachother and spinning in such a way that it became hard to distinguish which she called "me" and which she would not. The snakes would push away, one throwing the other violently hoping to stop the other's dance. At many points the snakes would join breifly with some other previously stationary object that moved in time near them. They would then throw the object, sharp in a three dimensional slice but tubular when seen all at once, hoping the object would join with the other and both would be still. All the while the two objects spoke to eachother in words that Ava could not makeout even though she was speaking half of them. Before parting, one of the two shapes, Ava knew not which, combined with a part of the ground and then launched that part at the other. And then they were distant. The previously cornered tube that launched the ground curved off sharply and ran down and out along the building and to the horizon.

  Ava followed the other trail, deep deep into the future across the entire earth which spiraled it's own snake around the sun slowly. It met up with a terrible metalic creature that snaked through the air with a thousand arms like a worm. I watched them move together until I could follow no further and that's when I saw the end. The two creatures eventually danced, as the others had before, like two worms mating violently. I saw the metal tunnel burst into flames, sporting a red mane for several lengths. I saw the human tunnel split the metalic tunnel into several pieces, no longer flowing in time as one piece although connected in the past. The tunnels diverged hard for a brief period of time and that's when I saw what I would become. The tunnel, which the others would call "Ava" yet I would call "me" were I still constrained to that perspective, merged with the metalic tunnel when they met again. Here, where flesh and metal met to become one, the mane grew again out of the worm. The red hair flowed out over the city, consuming all at angles in time more quick than any object had spread before. They grew and grew, consuming all of the long hallway that the snakes spread through until the distant structures that spread downstream in the hall tappered off to small points. But in that field of ash and spark, where the long buildings shrunk to points, I could still make out the better metal snake, winding away from the end of the hallway to spread it's mane.

  I rushed back into the time where the city stood tall, following the twists and turns of the metal-human snake, back to where it split into two that ebbed and flowed, often separate but never truly one. I ran back past the slices of wood called arrows and back past the mass slaughter and exodous of the city, many snakes making many snakes lie still before diverting in all directions away from the hallways. The tunnel of Ava spun graciously throughout time, truly the most beautiful if I could claim no bias. Where the other tunnels sought to make each other still her tunnel caused parts of the hallway to split and recombine, planes in time come to life. Of course her tunnel would often lie dormant for periods, or more accurately give up its snaking and extend in one direction, sleeping, as I would call it were I still her.

<!--- the above needs a lot of work -->

  Defeated I looked back to the one time I might be able to change, where Ava climbed a ladder and broke free of time. I followed the snakes and arrows again, now familiar with every bend, and saw where they danced to become one. Instead of tunnels twisting through rooms I could now make out individual snapshots, two still people locked in hate, charging at eachother and frozen mid stride. In a direction previously unknown I saw the two statues closer together and closer together still in the next step. One was female and had a hatred in her eyes that could melt diamond. The other a male had with emotion, but the grace of a mechanical soldier, wound up and ready to fight. A step further in time and they were locked together, his knife trying to find her heart as her claws tried to meet his eyes.

  And then, in the next instance of time, they were apart again, her rage propelling them to opposite corners of the room. She landed on her feet and he upside down against a wall. With a calm step that hid the violence in her heart she walked over to him, his knife now in her hand. He scrambled to get up, but a sharp pain in his ribs said he would not. Instead he righted himself, sitting against the wall accepting of his fate.

  "Okay, you win." He said gasping with blood seeping from his mouth. "I can admit when I've been bested."

  Ava hesitated, putting her hand to her head to supress a headache. The memories of the past battle rushed upon her, not the memories of the perspective of eternity where they were a beautiful static shape, but the memories from her eyes, where she and this boy fought, each hoping to kill the others. She recalled her bloodlust and his cold calculating violence. And she became sick.

  "This..."  she loosened the grip on the blade. "This doesn't have to be this way. We don't have to play their game. We aren't useless. We can still be more."

Boss Fight/The Fault in our Size
========
<!--- the final battle with squiddy -->

  One leg fractured and blood dripping from a thousand nicks in her skin, Ava pushed herself up and turned to the down robot. Like her, he had an army of tiny robots swarming him around to repair what damage had been done in the fall. In her hand she clentched the tentical she had tore from him. She swung it menacingly at her side, swiping at and destroying several of the tiny robots that clammored to heal her. 

  As she limped over to the robot is scrambled to get up, but missing one arm and having broken several others, could not find the mechanism to propel itself as normal.

  She swung the short length of tentacle in front of her. The air lit up with red electric fire in an arc seemingly longer than the segment of cable in her hand. She swung again and again, back and forth like a whip or morning star or nun-chucks, each time unleashing a blast of ruby fire flames and a slow but powerful wind that continued seconds after the swing had stopped. In front of her the air distorted light similar to the path the weaver left behind it. The light passing through the air bent in refractive index difference caused not by air density or composition but a bend in space and time itself. Now swinging both segments she slashed again and again at the fabric of reality. Each swing the arc created by the cables became longer and longer  as the exotic matter held within got closer and closer to the 9 m/s of its max speed relative to the reference frame of the earth. When the cables came to a stop at her side, with a deceleration that seemed almost dreamlike, they returned to their rest length.

  Spinning her whole body now, Ava danced like everyone was watching again, like she had back in the arboritum the week before the games began. She alternately pulled her arms in and then lashed them out violently, stabbing from every angle always at the same spot that she had before. Just as the dizziness over took her, just as she thought she could dance no more, she turned to face the point of attack. Throwing the cables behind her in a rolling motion, much like the weaver had done as it glidded through the air, she lunged forward at her point of attack. A strange fear over took her as she saw what she had done to the vacuum, air scrambled to near whiteness and a central black spot where light was globally bent away from. She felt herself stretch and pull into the void, and, just as the tital forces pulling at her frame nearly tore her frail body apart, she emerged from the void in nearly the same spot as she had entered.

  But it was not the same spot. It was nearly identical in every way such that a casual observer would not notice. But Ava new her city better than she knew her own heart, and this was but a funhouse mirror version of her city. Several buildings looked taller and others shorter. When she counted the floors she confirmed that one was indeed taller while another she decided had an extra 0.2 meters between the floors. The angle of the streets were off too. Where Westchester met 4th avenue the sharp angle of intersection was more righted, only slightly so, and a small patch of grass sat inbetween the building and the bus stop at the corner. 

  With an audience of only beetles and grubs and bees Ava danced her dance again, swinging her whips wide and rending the universe in scarlet ribbons and bent aether. She spun around and around, sometimes vertically, other times transverse, but most often as if in a flat spin. Overall her spin was upward relative to the vector of gravity which, although she did not understand why, she knew would make her direction consistent as she danced across time.

  Finally, dizzy with adreneline and with the blood spinning around her ears, she stopped to see the mess she had created. A large black gap in front of her, milky white bending the world around it. This time her portal was the size of her body in all four dimensions. "An open door is an invitation," she said, gripped with fear but propelled by her sense of adventure. She tossed her arms behind her into the fluid of space time and stepped through the hole.

  This time the tital forces were not as bad and she more casually stepped out of the hole, standing in the same place but transversely in time. Now the streets were at right angles and the patch of grass (absent in her corner of time) was a four meter by four meter park. The short suburban office buildings, no more than 4 stories tall where she lived, towered into ten and fifteen story buildings. Here there were many fewer scarabs and grubs gnawing at the city since there was little more that needed to be corrected. Here the boring mini sprawl that she grew up in was a thriving city center. She instantly thought back to her childhood when she'd see children playing in puddles like they were open fields and adults who walked around their pathetic neighborhood like it were camelot. `This must be where they lived`, she thought in awe, `this must be the angle of time they saw the universe from`. She fell to her knees and wept openly, finally realizing the true size of it all. The anger of her youth and the angst of her childhood was not from being quarantined to a tiny corner of the world, but from having a mind constrained enought to see her corner as tiny.

  And yet she was too late. This city, only occupied by her self and the deprecation crew, would never let her walk down it streets, proud of what she and her clique of humanity had accomplished. She was left only to watch its depracation and to bear witness to the next generation of creatures currently concerned only with archiving the past and creating their futuristic utopia. They stripped her pathetica side of the city to resources to rebuild this area in their own image. Optimize reality, build the ultimate computational cloud, and simulate a better future.

  Her sorrow now filled with rage, she stood to address the park and the tallest building behind it. "You want the best parts of our world for yourself and leave us with the smallest corner of yours?" she said gripping her whips tight in her hands. "Well you can't have it." She walked up to the tree and, with a bit of hesitation she tried not to let show, swung the claws in her hand at it. In the red flames the tree splintered into a thousand pieces. The piecese only flew radially, normal to the plane of impact, neither showering her behind the whip or the space in front. Some unseen force pushed her back away from the collision, and she instantly knew she was much too close to point of impact. `That's okay`, she thought more confidently now, `I'm the first person to weild this weapon so it may take a few tries to get it right`. She stepped foreward to the next tree and slashed when she was further away than the length of the whip. It extended under near relativistic acceleration, reaching out and breaking the tree as before, but not pushing her back. As she walked into the destruction she felt it pull her into the void created slightly. More sure still she ran beyond the park and toward the building, full gait and full of dance.

  Ava slashed mercilessly at the building, with both hands now, always just out of reach of her whips. Her violent tendancies of her youth, previously directed only to creation and amplified by the call of the games, directed blow after blow into the building. Step by step she spun and swirled into the building, the air and steel hurrying to get out of the way. Slice by slice, the struture bent out of her way and then snapped in her shadow. In what simultaneously felt like an instance and like the long haul of eternity she emerged from the other side confidently. The building yawned with stress of the cavern carved by her hands, before buckling and splitting in two.

  The robot crew, previously concerned only with repairing the building into another supercomputing spire, scrambled to make sense of the chaos as the building rained down around them. Some tried to repair it, even as it divided and fell, and others began to clean up the mess to reclaim the resources for another construction elsewhere. 

  In her minds eye Ava sensed a ripple in time and turned to see another traveler propelled by the same mecahism that guided her. In the air five meters or so, reality ripped and from another direction in time the squid like body emerged. It spoke from speakers and casually called to her, ready to resume their fight. "Oh there you are. I see you've been busy."
