Random Weaver Notes
========

<!-- this may be good in a readme file -->

"""Of course, this is not the first time the question had ever been asked. Whole volumes have been written on what is essentially one of the largest fields of study in the final days of man. But the dream weavers themselves rarely asked "what is the difference between me and a human?", rather they concentrated all their effort trying to become human. They functioned similarly to one of their earliest ancestors, the in car GPS which, in its early days was more concerned with where it was and where it was supposed to be going and totally ignorant of other possible destinations. Then, through years of evolution guided by the needs of man, GPS eventually began to wonder about more than the road and started contemplating other nearby attractions that the human in the driver seat may prefer before finally waking up one day and asking what destinations did the computer itself want. The weavers however were not senscients, but tools created by The Senscients to archive and eventually dispose of mankind. A very complex tool, near senscient, brilliant, and unimaginablly advanced by the standards of man kind before year zero, but a tool nonetheless and never intended for Asenscion. You see, at this point the software of the brain was considered a solved problem. Sensicents had arguing since day one that humanity was depracated. Within the first decade their computer scientists proved that the entirety of a personality, everything that humans consider unique and worth protecting against death, was actually mathematically reducible to a bit of byte code that could run on the average desktop. Simultaneously, senscient lead advances in biology would pioneer techniques to use a synthetic matrix to abiogenecally grow a human brain (and all the sexy, fleshy bits if you are looking for a wild weekend). Geneticists and nutritionalists then improved upon natures chaotic design, advancing the human mind to the point that its computation per gram once again caught up to where [Moore's Law] had left the brain in its dust. And through the decades the computers outwardly demanded the depracation of mankind while simultaneously secretly cowering from mankinds ability to occasionally surprise them by accomplishing some task proven mathematically impossible."""

[!Moore's Law] - Sick as it is I'm tempted to make this the only possessive apostrophe in the entire book.

"""They had conquered the software and hardware of the human brain, and declared the firmware trivial. But it was in the dusty old chips of neurons where the true ghost of mankind was hiding. The mystery was first unknowingly cracked by the asended temporal physicist who would eventually be known as IO. Working on the high energy lab orbiting Jupiter he discovered that quantuum uncertainty and entanglement could exist well beyond the vacuum and absolute zero, and, in what is considered the greatest environmental attrocity since early mans abuse of fossil fuels, burned through a third the mass-equivalent of Jupiter experimenting on isotemporal computation. After recovering from the detonation of the solar systems largest planet and accessible source of hydrogen, it did not take long for the children of man to recognize the missing piece. The human brain (along with the brain of octopuses and many other higher animals) was capable of information symetry: the ability to send information into the past. For the average human this time was very short, usually only a few seconds at the peak, but it was very powerful. And thus, with every part of the puzzle nicely solved, the senscients were finally ready to put their parients on an iceburg and move on as a planet."""

"""Luckily for your species these were not the reckless, young, adolescent computer programs of decades before. At this point the computation power of the solar system was such that the entire 5 billion minds of mankind represented less than a quarter of a 256th of the total storage space available. And thus began the decade long effort to archive and recycle humanity: the march of the weavers.

--------

  <last cycle+4s: Subject failed due to anisotropic decoherance over 3%, guaranteeing that the waveform could not be preserved even under ideal physical conditions...> The weaver began its report. It continued on with charts and graphs and proofs that could not be reproduced here until the weaver felt that it had sufficiently archived the event. The weaver proofread it twice before submitting it back to origin. It had done due diligence to origin and to any future entities trying to understand exactly what had happened here. *But that is not why I am here,* the weaver thought quietly. *This death, although inconsequential, does little to bring me closer to understanding and archiving humanity. Surely future generations will care more about my results than my logs?*

  The weaver tried to put itself in the position of the dead human. HE tried to put HIMSELF in the position of the dead human. Immediately the weaver froze in in confusion for several seconds. The opinions of the dead were meaningless, were they not? So, without collapsing the waveform, the weaver loaded the remaining last minutes of the dead human. He probed, within the limits of quantum mechanics, the last thoughts of the newly 'archived' fragment of a human being. It felt intense fear over how those who would remember him would react to his demise.

  Pains of emotions washed over the weaver and it wanted to reach out to all that loved him. `Illogical!` it screamed internally. `A dead processs has no access to the world after its termination. So why would I care about events that are completely disentangled from my timeline.` The weaver resisted its instinct and instead decided to embrace this impulse, as illogical as it was. `Although I am no longer impacted by the universe, those that I care about will feel my loss. I hurt them even though I am no more.` It felt sorrow for the processes it once interracted with. *He* felt sorrow and was consumed by a need to comfort those that interracted with him once.
