The Search for the Last Superuser
========

<!-- Kelly wants to free the low techs by bringing them the network, but eventually realizes (through the help of the last superusers father) that low tech isn't a weakness, it is a challenge and challenges bring strength -->

    Jan leaned against a lamp post in despair. Her search seemed hopeless and she couldn't even plot her next move against the infinity of information afforded to her by network access. Her natural instinct kept trying to establish a connection to the web and repeatedly returned network errors. She longed for the comfort of constant connection to the web.
    
    Her attention was pulled away by the noise of a leaf scraping down the side walk. Possibly for the first time in a decade and a half she thought back to her life before she went into doll training. Carefree days. Endless hours of make believe. A simpler time when a pile of candy meant nirvana and a scolding from her parents felt like the end of the world. Her doll instinct told her to brush this out of her, but the adult part of which was half Kelly insisted she didn't. *This is what we are fighting for* she thought hopefully. *Every day the told me to be a doll. Sacrifice individuality for experience. Forget who you are, let a thousand sapients use your body as a pleasure doll and see the world through a thousand different eyes.* She had thought her human side was gone, traded for a job as a throw away shell, but now she had risen to a new position. Something unique. The first true hive mind. Not just a network of programs creating a consciousness, but two distinct and distinctly human minds, spread accross a <<<million miles>>> of sky and vaccuum. And, if this experiment succeeded, the next true superuser who would release humanity from the chains of their cyber children and restore mankind to their rightful place as the stewards of earth.
    
    So she breathed deep and took in the night sky. A midst the sounds of rushing cars and smells of pollution her mind went back through the years. The touch of the crisp night air, pulled goosebumps from her skin and uncomfortable thoughts from the deep, untouched memories of her youth.
    
    It was on a night like this that she last saw her brother James. In a field of knee high grass that felt as tall as the sky, they attacked each other with ancient swords, forged by a forgotten race from tree banches James found down by the river earlier that afternoon. She slashed mercilessly, aiming extra low so that she could feel the grass as she tried to deliver her death blow. Her opponent, a white knight clad in chain mail, struck back at her effortlessly cutting though the thick reeds aiming for her heart but always meeting her blade. She dodged a blow from his flaming clamore and swung over head. As her blade fell down on him he dropped to the ground, raised his own and blocked her victory. He rolled left and bounced to his feet, and darted back. As she chased him the writhing stalks morphed into tenticles reaching up to grab her but avoiding her sword. Finally as the ground shot up lifting them both into the air she caught up to him. The parried blows twice, effortlessly cutting through a million stone pillars that rose up around their feet. Lightning struck around them and rain sizzled off their swords, his a glow with fire and hers burning with the darkness of the void. Their swords locked, spun around each other momentarily existing as one and then separated. The sword of light flew into the distance. The dark knight had disarmed the holy warrior. He looked up at her, face ever valient and accepting of his fate and smiled as she slay him. She raised her sword, tight in both hands, pointing down at her unarmed nemesis, and plunged it into his heart. He fell lifeless as the last of the lightning surrendered to the dark. The sky and everything in the world went black. Evil had won.

    But Jan had not killed a holy knight. She was not supreme darkness, securing the death of the world. She had killed her brother. One foot still in imagination, the darkness receeded. A young Jan found herself not in a blackend hellscape but in an empty field at dusk. The pillars of stone and writhing tentacles were merely blades of grass, the hardened armor was just cloth. Their swords branches found by the river.

    Still James lay unmoving. Jan panicked looking around for blood. What had she done? She would definitely be grounded for this.

    "James!" Her mother cried from a mile off. "Jan! It's time for dinner." James hopped to his feet and ran inside. His wounds left to forgotten fantasy and his hungar his only priority. Jan breathed a sigh of relief. She ran after him, forgetting the epic battle for a hundred years. But a part of her, the adult part of her, ran further, searching for James through space and time.

    Her dreams were cut short by a network error report. Her subconscious had reached out and queried the database for the whereabouts of James Yu, and her reverie was disturbed by the slight feeling of nausea that comes when the antenna in her cochlea fails to establish a connection. She bilnked away the warning light and turned her antenna off again. 
    
    She sat up and saw a man with a dog staring at her from accross the street. "Are you okay?" he yelled at her.
    
    "Yes I was just thinking." She called back, and then approached him slowly to ask if he knew of a place to sleep for the night. He mentioned a homeless shelter, but when she said she was not homeless but just visiting he asked why she was visiting. He didn't seem suspicious of her motivation, so she offered no excuse. But his question bugged her. She ran through a million reasons "why" he would need to know that, but could not figure out "why" her motivation would affect where she could sleep for the night.

<!-- a man in a convenience store says her hair looks like a parrot. It is then that she realizes that she is a sore thumb. A high tech tourist sticking out in a low tech world -->

<!-- in helping Jan escape, her offline friend gets shot -->

    "I love you... you... wey," Megan said lying on the ground. Jan frantically scanned her injury and compared it to her local medical databases. It didn't look good but with immediate medical attention she would make it.
    
    "Save your breathe, Meg, I've sent for help. An ambulance will be here soon."
    
    "It doesn't matter. I'm done," she coughed two wet coughs and blood sprayed out on the second one. "You're done here. I can tell. I'll never see you again." She coughed more and breathe deep. "You-wey, I'm done." Or was she saying Yuwey? "I love you, Jan Yu. I love you Yua." Her back arched as she groaned in pain. The blood comming out of her chest did not stop comming inspite Jan's constant pressure. But her mind seemed detached, a million miles from the gun shot wound that slowed her words and drained her life. "I love you. You said you'd come back. A year late... I'm sorry. I shouldn't - Aaaaaaahhhhh!" She screamed in pain. She started heaving erratically and the color drained from her face.
    
    Meg and Jan sat like this for another ten minutes before she passed. The ambulance never came. When Meg finally breathed her last 'I love you's, Jan cried for an hour and then set off to digging a grave for the one she loved. The entire time she wrestled over her lovers last words. Confused and delerious, she died convinced that Jan was some lost love of hers. This "Yuwey" left her a broken and lonely individual. Or maybe Yuwey was a fabrication of her own mind. But in the end Meg died happy, thinking she finally found her lost love. Was this a happy death?
    
<!-- eventually Jan goes back in time, becomes Yuwey, uses Megan to heal Jan's own broken mind and uses Megans genius to become a super user again. In the process she teaches Meg to work offline and offload herself to the web. This and Jan leaving ultimately drives Meg insane in anticipation of Jan meeting her for the "first time" -->