After Ava dies, Ava and Brian have their timelines intertwined and mostly run counter to each other.

From Ava's perspective Brain teaches her to see in time again and live her art again. She panicks after seeing her own death and spends a few chapters going back to the scene, trying to understand it and stop it but always getting caught up in the moment. The 4th time she returns and finally gets a good count of herself. She can only count six of herself: Her original time seeing it, the four returns (including this one), and herself dying. She concludes that the next time she goes back she will die. She then meets Brian who is fully trained in time walking and fights her. They plot and scheme running away forever. One day, she rescues Brian from a near death at the hand of one of her past selves. From his perspective she's kidnapping him. Here she learns that another Belmont is going to do something near her death which only she can stop (betray the humans to the Scenscients in some way). She sees the whole picture (sans trance this time, but still with the "enlingtened feeling"). She then marches proudly to her death.

From Brian's perspective, Ava kidnaps him shortly after her death. He develops stockholm syndrom and falls in love with her. He tries to convince her (who is unconvinceable) that they should run away from all this. They keep getting caught up in conflicts and Ava seems to be getting more erratic. One day Ava does not recognize him. He realizes this is their last time together and dances with her (which she thought was fighting when she saw it) one last time and then leaves her.
