<!-- Shiva's injuries compounding, she begins to die. Talking with Kelly (in Jan's body) and IO. -->

  "Please I need to rest. My final journey is great and time runs short," I said desparately between breaths.

  "No, my love, let me stay with you. We can heal your wounds. It doesn't have to be this way."

  "Please don't Io, don't do this. Not to me. Not now. I wasted several lifetimes ... I wasted what little precious time you and I had together trying to find a way to change the inevitable future we started together. Please don't waste our last precious seconds dreaming about what could be. Dream about here. Dream about now. And then let the moment go or you will end up like me. Torn accross a thousand times, living in the past and haunted by the future."

  Uneasy about watching all this Kelly turned to the door to leave, but I would not have it. "Don't go, sweet Kelly, don't go. You and I were the same person once, I know that makes you uneasy, but it's true. And there, deep in the Maelstrom of Io the me you wish I were is learning a million tricks to break the universe and dreaming of the day she can return to you. `You can always make time with a time machine` she thinks as she whistles away, flirting with Io and chasing paradox accross time. But she'll never find it. And someday," at this point I paused, probably to cough up blood, "and someday she will fall into the black hole and start all this, as I will now to end this. This is the end, I promise, this is the end of the line of Yu. But don't cry for me. The marble screams as it is carved by the master, but if you could step back... if you could see it all as I do, you'd see the statue it carves and understand that each chip of the chisle actually creates something greater."

  With just seconds left I grabbed Kelly and Io by the hand and pulled them close. "And that's what this cursed rock is. That's what's been haunting me my whole life. But come close and see. Look into my world and see things as I do." I grabbed both their hands and screamed. The pain in my head surged down my spine and into my limbs, as if lightning were trying to rip out of my toes and finder tips. Yet the pain was only an afternote, a footnote on the experience that serverd to ground me to reality and prevent my mind from severing from reality and escaping into the blackness.

  My awareness extended out of the current moment as I saw the rock as it really was. It wasn't just a tiny sliver of obsidian, spliting my bran by way of an empty eye socket, but it was a 4 dimensional projection of said spike, extending back and forth, highlighting the conversation I just described here and my final death and descent into the black hole I describe on subsequent pages. And all along that 4D column of rock tiny slivers extended into my brain and kept my corpse alive to deliver it to its final resting place. To deliver me to my final resting place, for I am not the body that carries the brain that speaks to the rock, I am the soul that sees through the mind that commands the machine. And that moment of clarity warmed me to the knowledge that the frail tortured doll I had called "me" for a life time was just another character in a book that spaned one hundred years realtime, two fractured timelines, and an eternity of perceived time.

  I, along with the senscient Io and human Kelly Obregon, followed the pillar of time back to the moment I the object entered my eye socket, but I could see further due to its telepathic powers and unified, uncollapsed quantum state. I saw it spin along the axis of time, spining in Io's hand in space and time as a screw spins in space. The rock continued back through time to earth, flowing through my entire life, along side that fragile human, constantly whispering into her ears brief memories much like I now whispered into our minds the entirety of its existence. And then, at the moment of the birth of the child whose mother mistook for Shiva, it flew from the earth and into the heavens to orbit the solar system and degrade into nothing over milenia at the whims of what you might call reverse entropy. This is, of course, how the event happened backwards in time as I describe it now, but from the perspective of the childs mother it was a shooting star, black in the sky from her perspective, consuming light as it fell. But these are mathematical simplifications of the perspective witnessed by my current host, the child; my progenitor, Kelly Obregon; and my former lover and partner in crime, the AI on Io. From the perspecive of eternity we saw not events, but the black four dimensional structure expanding and manipulating the millipede like structures that see the world not from the perspective of eternity but from the perspective of time. It grew and shrank out alongside reality through all five dimensions like a seam of ore through a mountainside, forking off momentarily, occasionally splitting and coming together, in a shape you, as a creature of time, cannot understand, in a shape I can only describe with these weak words which I refer to as "my book". 

  And the knowledge I gave to them did not extend only over the domain of the black rock, over the structure I now know is the me that has been speaking to you through these pages. It also carried the memories that I whispered in the ear of the child through her life. Memories brought into the black hole by a life I formerly lived as a human turned senscient who was too burdened with the task of saving humanity from herself to ever fully love the love of her life, who now held my right hand. And, in addition to the countless years she wandered time, she brought with her memories of the lost human Jan Yu, rescued from a life of slavery by the woman at my left, the clever girl on the way to Venus who started this mess.

  <!-- Maybe describe the inside of the black hole and the love of Yu-a and Io -->

  And in that state we could even breach the forbidden rules of paradox and see the immediate future. Looking down the path of the black hole we saw Kelly, Io, and myself, waking from the trance and the former two being carried off in opposite directions to their craft. They, confused to be both experiencing as three dimensional slices what they had just witness from the perspective of eternity, being escorted back to their craft to be flung into the Maelstrom, the intersection of two black holes populated by other versions of themselves. And we saw myself, the intersection of their two lives, the Kelly clone that escaped the black hole to bear witness to this all from the eyes of a child, we saw the tired body of the child slumping to the ground amidst their departure, collapsing from exhuasting. A final nap before rejoining and collapsing the Maelstrom. At last, the well earned sleep of the ages.
